We've created the following policy for virtual machines provided by the Eclipse Foundation.  

<----- Begin Policy ---->

Project Server Policy


By operating a virtual server hosted either directly by the Eclipse Foundation or provided via the Eclipse Foundation’s funding in support of an Eclipse Foundation open source project to which you are a committer, you agree to the following:


1)To respond within 30 days to written requests eclipse.org-gdpr@eclipse.org to delete accounts or make user data available to the specific user in question.  Server maintainers must subscribe to this list.


2)To collect only as much information is required to process the user’s request and to securely dispose of it when no longer required.


3)To make the contents of the server available for auditing should the need arise, and to provide support as required in order to carry out the audit process.


4)To take reasonable security precautions to prevent unauthorized access, and to notify the Eclipse Foundation (via privacy@eclipse.org) immediately if you suspect a security breach of any kind. Be sure to include the nature and scope of the suspected breach.


5)To ensure all web pages related to operation of the server use either the standard Eclipse.org footer template, or a footer that prominently contains a copyright notice, and the following set of links:

1) Main Eclipse Foundation website (http://www.eclipse.org)
2) Privacy policy (http://www.eclipse.org/legal/privacy.php)
3) Website terms of use (http://www.eclipse.org/legal/termsofuse.php)
4) Copyright agent (http://www.eclipse.org/legal/copyright.php)
5) Legal (http://www.eclipse.org/legal)


6)To ensure explicit consent has been given by the user before you can start using cookies. This requirement also includes cookies used by 3rd party services such as, but not limited to: Google Tag Manager, and social media widgets. 


7)To ensure webpages related to the services being offered are fully compliant with the GDPR regulations


8)To not collect or track user activity on Eclipse Foundation-owned domains.


9)Google Analytics codes that do not belong the the Eclipse Foundation are prohibited


Failure to comply with this Policy may result in the server or funding in question being terminated without notice.

<-------- End Policy ------>