Many of the tools seem incompatible with each others' @NotNull/@NonNull/@Nonnull annotation and listing all of them in my code would be terrible to read.  Any suggestions of which one is the 'best'? 
So how do you add existing directories and files in Visual Studio 2008?
Is there any way of auto importing (like in Eclipse Shift+Ctrl+O) in Android Studio? 
In Eclipse, when hovering over a method, variable, etc. a tooltip is displayed with the corresponding JavaDocs. Is there such a feature in IntelliJ?
I've downloaded, unzipped and setup Eclipse 3.4.2 with some plugins (noteable, EPIC, Clearcase, QuantumDB, MisterQ). Now I find when I'm editing Java projects the code completion is not working.  If I type String. and press ctrl+space a popup shows "No Default Proposals" and the status bar at the bottom shows "No completions available".
I am working with Java. If I hit Ctrl+Shift+F in Eclipse Helios, it will auto format my code. At a certain point, it wraps lines. I would like to increase the maximum line length. How can I do this?
Eclipse has that "+/-" on the left to expand and collapse blocks of code.I've got tens of thousands of lines to go through and would really like to just collapse everything, and selectively expand blocks to look at them.
How to make phpstorm display line numbers by default?
Is there a way to delete a module within Android Studio?
News wrote that Eclipse 3.5 finally supports column selection. Unfortunately I don't know HOW to enable it. I tried pressing the ALT-key like I am used to in Visual Studio and all other Microsoft products but that had no effect. 
Can you run non-Android Java projects in Android studio as in Eclipse?
I know that Ctrl + N is to find classes and it is very useful. But what about methods?
Is there a shortcut to automatically jump to the next error in the list? 
How do you split a window/view in Eclipse IDE? 
I like to use Eclipse's shortcut Ctrl + O which outlines the current source. Is there an equivalent shortcut in IntelliJ IDEA?
How do you reset the "Zoom" in VS 2010 and above back to normal?
Is there a shortcut for any JetBrains IDE (since the shortcut would likely be shared across all of them) to collapse all the methods / functions so that only the method signatures are shown? 
It's so easy to select a block of code and tab out, but how about the reverse?
How do I make a lowercase string uppercase using Eclipse? I want to select a string and either uppercase it or lowercase it. Is there a shortcut for doing this?
When adding an activity to an existing Android project, I manually create a new class - is that the best / preferred way? How do others handle that?
Is there a way in Xcode to find all the places where a method or property has been been called?In Eclipse, for example, you can right-click a method and select Find references. Is there anything similar in Xcode?
I can execute various Git commands from Visual Studio Code, however I couldn't find a way to visualize the history.
Is there a way I can split the consoles into multiple views so that I can have side-by-side console output?
I'm using eclipse galileo. Is it possible to display the tabs of my open files on several lines instead of using the &gt;&gt; sign. I still want a unique window to view the code though.If there is no such settings, do any plugin exists ?
How can I improve the general IDE speed and responsiveness?
Is there a way to make keyboard shortcuts "contextual"? By this, I mean: hit a key to go into "IDEA mode" when coding (all conflicting Ubuntu shortcuts are temporarily deactivated), hit the key again to go back to "Standard mode" (Ubuntu shortcuts are reactived).
I've been using Lisp on and off for a while but I'm starting to get more serious about doing some "real" work in Lisp. I'm a huge Vim fan and was wondering how I can be most productive using Vim as my editor for Lisp development. Plugins, work flow suggestions, etc. are all welcome.
Is there a one push button to make Xcode run them all rather then individual going through them one by one?
Can I turn off the error checking on the jQuery file (and that file only)?  
How can I delete (and not simply close) a project in PHPStorm?
Has anyone found a reliable way to save and restore Eclipse syntax highlighting settings?
Is there a way that I can change webstorm to treat /app as the root so this is a useful feature? If not, is there a way I can disable this? 
I want to learn how can I automatically optimize imports after each save as we do Eclipse(save actions).
I just move to Android studio from eclipse,I found that it always shows "fetching documentation" when I use quick documentation(Ctrl+Q),How to solve this?(I download documentation for API19,still problem)
I want to change encoding of file in NetBeans IDE (ver 6.9.1), let's say from ANSII to UTF-8. How can I do that?
Where is the Visual Studio HTML Designer? I see that there are options for the HTML Designer but I can't open it.
In Eclipse, selecting a line and pressing Alt + &uarr;/&darr; will move the line up and down, a quick way to avoid copy&amp;paste.Is there an equivalent in Visual Studio?
Is it normal for Intelli J to take a lot of time (almost 12 hours) to update indices for a project? I just installed Intelli J on my machine and imported a rather large Maven project (13k+ files). 