Title: Eclipse - find all classes that extend interface
Description: 
    
    
                    
We have an interface that has a child interface.  Ie:

public interface GenCalculator extends Serializable {}

public interface SpecialCalculator extends GenCalculator {}


In Eclipse, how can you find all interface-s that extend in this case GenCalculator?

If I right click, select "Open Type Hierarchy" in the GenCalculator interface, I only see classes that implement that GenCalculator interface. I want to see everything - those that implement and those that extend. 

We're on Eclipse v.3.2.2.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Ctrl+T to view all descendants 

Press it the combination a second time (see fine print in initial popup) if you want to display super interfaces/classes.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You CAN do this, but it doesn't involve the Type Hierarchy.

In the Eclipse editor pane, highlight the name of the class of which you want to find extending classes.

Then go to Search /pp
Answer 3: 

    
    
Click on GenCalculator in the editor and press CTRL+T. You will see the quick complete hierarchy.

It is possible to have that aswell in the "Open Type Hierarchy" view, but you will have to switch the different options (button in the upper right corner).
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Ctrl+H brings up the search, go to Java search, and click "All Occurrences".
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
You can do it with nWire for Java. However, nWire requires Eclipse 3.3 and above. I highly recommend upgrading.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Move your mouse on the class name and press CTRL+T 
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
You can't do it in only one search. 

May be you could use the "Text Search" option and wildcards, something like searching for "*s YourInterfaceName" (trying to catch "extends YourInterfaceName" and "implements YourInterfaceName") but is too tricky.
    
    
Title: Ruby Netbeans plugin can&#39;t install
Description: 
    
    
                    
Some plugins require plugin org.jruby.jruby to be installed.
The plugin named org.jruby.jruby is needed and not found.  The following plugin is affected:       Ruby Projects

Where is org.jruby.jruby? I select all.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
When you select your plugins from the unzipped folder, make very sure to change the "Files of Type" filter to "All", so that you can include the JRuby JAR

https://blogs.oracle.com/geertjan/entry/ruby_on_rails_in_netbeans
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    

Download Ruby and Rails plugin from here
Unzip the downloaded file
Open NetBeans &gt; tools &gt; Plugins &gt; Downloaded &gt; Add Plugins..
Go to downloaded location and make files filter to All Files
Select all files and setup, IDE will restart and work for you

    
    
Title: Command history in R
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there any IDE -from the ones supporting R-, that gives access to the command history (at least to the current session's commands)? Or is there a way to get a (character or expression) vector with those commands in R?  

For those of you that have been using MATLAB, I mean something like the Command History window there..

Thank you 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
history(Inf)


opens a window similar to that in MATLAB. 
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
savehistory('file')
myhistory &lt;- scan('file','character')


Might do the trick.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I would highly recommend to use Emacs with ESS (Emacs speaks Statistic)
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Eclipse with Stat-ET plugin will get you command history window and object browser.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
The OS X GUI for R has a very nice command history mechanism built in.  It works well with multi-line commands (e.g. long function definitions), and you can browse through the history in a pane on the side of the window.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
The command history() will recall the last 25 used commands, whereas history(max.show=Inf)will get back all previous ones. If you are using RStudio on top of your R distro, CTRL + UP will give you the list of all previous commands. 
    
    
Title: Visual Studio 2008 - jump to line number shortcut
Description: 
    
    
                    
I can go to a specific line number by double clicking in the status bar in Visual Studio.  Is there a keyboard shortcut that does the same thing?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Ctrl + G 

Check out all the keyboard shortcuts at:

http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?familyid=e5f902a8-5bb5-4cc6-907e-472809749973&amp;displaylang=en
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Ctrl +  G works for me.

If it doesn't work for you, you can always map whatever shortcut you want under Tools | Options | Environment | Keyboard.

EDIT: Yes, as @Brian mentions, the command in this case is Edit.GoTo

I just realised that the default in C# settings for this command is Ctrl + G, whereas in VB Settings, there is no default keyboard short - it's mapped to show the immediate window - strange I think. I swapped the mappings so that the two environment behave the same.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Every IDE or even text editor I have ever used either uses Ctrl + L or Ctrl + G for this purpose.

I assume this could stand for Ctrl + Line or Ctrl + Goto
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Yep Ctrl + G.

From this answer you can get a nice Shortcut poster.
    
    
Title: Why has the &#39;to lowercase&#39; shortcut been removed from VS2015?
Description: 
    
    
                    
In previous versions of Visual Studio, you could make all selected text lowercase with CTRL+U, and all uppercase using CTRL+SHIFT+U.

The uppercase shortcut remains in the 2015 version of VS, the lowercase shortcut, however, has been removed.

Does anybody have any info regarding this?

I thought it may have been because it conflicted with a shortcut for newly introduced functionality which had to take priority, but the only CTRL+U shortcut relies on a previous combination of keys too.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I had the same issue because I have resharper installed which overwrites VS shortcut Ctrl+U


Instead of using the shortcut keys you can do it though menu (Edit -
Answer 2: 

    
    
https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms165341.aspx

check the reference from the above link, you can see they are still using this shortcut for VS2015
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I just ran into an issue that might shed light on why this was removed.

The keystroke for uncommenting is ctrl + k + u, which I managed to screw up without noticing the effects until it was too late to ctrl + z it away.

I had to do a whole bunch of find/replace to repair the damage that ctrl + u allowed me to inflict on my code.
    
    
Title: How can I diff 2 SQLite files?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Using SQLite-manager (in its XUL form) on a Mac.  

How can I diff a SQLite file from one submitted by someone else on the team, and incorporate his changes?  

Thanks.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I believe you could use the following, in combination:

$ diff sqlite-file-1.sql sqlite-file-2.sql &gt; sqlite-patch.diff
$ patch -p0 sqlite-file-1.sql sqlite-patch.diff


I hope that works for you. Otherwise, I highly suggest consulting the man-pages:

$ man diff
$ man patch


EDIT: Alright, here's the whole walk-through.

First, dump the databases:

$ sqlite test1.sql .dump &gt; test1.sql.txt
$ sqlite test2.sql .dump &gt; test2.sql.txt


Next, generate a diff file:

$ diff -u test1.sql.txt test2.sql.txt &gt; patch-0.1.diff


And, finally, to apply the patch:

$ patch -p0 test1.sql.txt patch-0.1.diff

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
We can use the sqldiff Utility Program:

https://www.sqlite.org/sqldiff.html

It will compare the source to the destination databases and generate SQL commands to make source equivalent to destination.


  
  Any differences in the content of paired rows are output as UPDATEs.
  Rows in the source database that could not be paired are output as
  DELETEs.
  Rows in the destination database that could not be paired are
  output as INSERTs.
  


We have to download the sources and compile it, from the tool folder.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Maybe using this tool: http://download.cnet.com/SQLite-Diff/3000-10254_4-10894771.html ?
But you can use the solution provided by @indienick provided you first dump the binary sqlite database with something like: sqlite x.db .dump /pp/p/div
Title: How do I connect to SQL Server using Emacs?
Description: 
    
    
                    
What steps do I take? Any gotchas to be aware of or tips to enhance the IDE experience that are specific to SQL Server when using Emacs?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Connecting

To connect to a SQL Server database instance from Emacs:

M-x sql-ms RET
M-x sql-mode     


You will be prompted for standard connection information specifically the following: 


User 
Password
Server
Database


For SQL Server Authentication, type in the necessary user and password info. However, if connecting via Windows Authentication, then press RETURN for both user and password leaving them blank.

Viewing Output Results

Note that to see the text of any output results in the *SQL* buffer, the 'go' statement should be called at some point. A couple of ways of doing this.

For example, this sql statement will execute but it will not show any result text in the  *SQL* buffer in its current format:

select 'foo' as bar


However, if a 'go' is appended to the end:

select 'foo' as bar
go


the following will be displayed in the *SQL* buffer:

 bar   
 ----- 
 foo

(1 row affected)


Alternatively, if you do not want to have 'go' statements littering the text of your SQL script then call 'go' on the fly to see all output results since the last time that the previous 'go' statement was sent to the sql process:

C-c C-s go RET


This is helpful if you need to view any error messages that might not initially show in the *SQL* buffer.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
sometimes the display of emacs's sql-ms sucks because that some columns displayed are too wide for reading.

here are some skills for bad output experience.

1.

M-x toggle-truncate-lines


toggle truncate-lines can improve some readable.

2.

select left(columnName, 25) from table


this truncates the column width to 25 characters. This works perfect for me.

source is here: 
http://bloggingmath.wordpress.com/2011/02/03/using-emacs-as-your-sql-interface/
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Also, see here:

https://github.com/kiwanami/emacs-edbi

This way i just use odbc to connect to everything through DBD::ODBC. 
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
The author mentions "gotchas" when trying to connect to an SQL server. 

When trying to connect to a mysql server, which as the top-voted answer suggests is done via M-x sql-mysql, I found that I continually got


  Unable to locate SQL program 'mysql'


Following the suggestion at this SO question concerning emacs, sql and Macs, I set the following value:

(setq sql-mysql-program "/usr/local/mysql/bin/mysql")

which was the location/path to my local mysql binary. 

Don't know why this variable is not mentioned in any other tutorials I've seen, so I post this here, as an aforementioned "gotcha" when connecting to a mysql server.
    
    
Title: How to change the path of Python in Spyder?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm using Debian. I installed Python 3.2.3. The path of Python 3 is /usr/bin/python3.
How do I change it in Spyder?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Press CTRL+SHIFT+ALT+P to open the Preferences window. Within this window, select the Console item on the left, then the Advanced Settings tab. The path to the Python executable will be right there.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
simple if your not able to change the working directory .Press CTRL+SHIFT+ALT+P to open the Preferences window then go to RUN then see the working directory options and finally press the option THE CURRENT WORKING DIRECTORY.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Execute the following command: %cd"P:\Python"
    
    
Title: How do I disable Visual Studio Code auto save
Description: 
    
    
                    
Some months ago I observed that angular-cli or Visual Code is saving my files after short delay. Which causes recompiling a project and refreshing a page. 
It is useful but frustrating a bit to wait couple of seconds every single time for refresh. Even after just opening a file.
So, the solution that just hit me is very simple. 
Go to Preferences/Settings, in Workspace Settings put 


  "files.autoSave": "off"


That's it!
Now your project will be compiled ONLY after you hit save. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Go to File-
Answer 2: 

    
    
As @Alex Varghese mentioned in his answer you can do it in the settings. One addition is even if you turn off the auto save option in your user settings, that will not over write the option you have under Workspace settings, so you have to do the changes there as well.







You can also do this changes by going to the settings.json which usually resides at C:\Users\user\AppData\Roaming\Code\User.

"files.autoSave": "off"


To edit your Workspace settings, you need to edit the settings.json file which resides at the .vscode folder of your solution.

"files.autoSave": "off"

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Vscode version 1.34 onwards just got to file menu and click on "Auto Save" to enable or disable Autosave.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Instead of completely disable autosave I prefer just increase delay and save it, e.g. after 10 min. You have a full control when to save it manually, but if you forget, it will save it after the specified long period.

Files: Auto Save : Controls auto save of dirty files.
afterDelay 

Files: Auto Save Delay : Controls the delay in ms after which a dirty file is saved automatically. Only applies when Files: Auto Save is set to afterDelay.
600000

See VS Code documentation 
    
    
Title: Is there an IDE out there that does structural syntax highlighting?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Somewhat inspired by this question about a graphical programming environment.  I don't think that C++ or C# are really conducive to this type of environment, but perhaps there's something halfway there.

Lot's of IDEs that I've used will use syntax highlighting to change the foreground (or even the background) colour of text for keywords, strings, comments, etc...  

Are there IDEs out there that will highlight larger syntactic structures?  Here's an example of what I'm thinking of. 

Example code structure http://img256.imageshack.us/img256/9441/codestructure.png

(Please don't comment on my poor choice of colours... I'm not a graphic designer for a reason.)

While it's not a graphical drag-and-drop environment, the highlighting would still give an overall view of the structure of the code.  Personally, learning C# after years of C++, I still catch myself tripping over the fact that at the end of a file you usually have the end of a class and the end of a namespace, so the end of a function is two-levels in.  (In a C++ code file, the end of a function is usually at the top level of indentation).  I help myself out there by throwing in little comments at the close brackets:

    } // end class 
} // end namespace


But it seems to me that some automatic colouring would make that completely unnecessary.  Anyway, has this been done already?  Bonus if it's an add-on to Visual Studio.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The closest thing that I've seen is Codekana, although doesn't have "background syntax-highlighting" it colorizes the different flow-control structures:


(source: codekana.com)  




(source: codekana.com)  


Red   for loops
Green   for if-blocks
Brown   for else-blocks
Aquamarine  for switch-blocks
Olive   for exception blocks
Orange   for 'return'

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I'm the author of Codekana. Indeed, what you describe above was the main goal for the product. BTW, I'm about to publish an article about the "making of" and the underlying technology, which is pretty nifty. It will probably be available next week (March 26, '09 or so). Recommended reading, if I may say so myself.

The reason Codekana only provides outlines, instead of a colored background, are limitations in VS's text rendering extensibility. I will hopefully be able to implement a solid-background version at some point in the future, although it will definitely require serious hacking and "rocket surgery".

I would have commented above, instead of providing another answer, but my reputation doesn't allow commenting. :(

[UPDATE: Thanks for the upvotes, now I can comment!]
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Coderush does structural highlighting: 


(source: devexpress.com)  

It quite feasible you could write your own plugin with DevExpress that achieves your exact original screen shot. 
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
The current BlueJ editor does exactly what you describe:


    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
The Visual Studio IDE does this already, but with a different visualization - you can expand and contract nested blocks by clicking the +/- buttons on the left margin.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
A nice idea. Personally, I really don't like folding editors, but this would be quite tolerable - you'd want to be able to toggle it on/off easily though. Perhaps someone has already done this for the hyper-programmable editors like vim and emacs?
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I think Xcode 3 does roughly what you want, especially with Focus Follows Selection enabled. Individual blocks are highlighted as you hover over them in the sidebar.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
You should try this Addin and you will never work in visual studio without it, 
http://www.jetbrains.com/resharper/features/index.html

PS: I'm not affiliated with this company or product but I'm an addict using it and I can never work without it, it saves me alot of time in my coding tasks and code exploration and debugging.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
I'm working on a Visual Studio extension inspired by this question.  You can see what I have so far here:

http://lorgonblog.wordpress.com/2010/11/12/the-f-compiler-source-release-making-it-easy-to-write-cool-visual-studio-extensions/
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
There's also a free extension that at least draws the guide lines colored according to what they belong to. For instance, if guides in green and so on:


It's called StructureAdornment and you can get it in the Extension Manager or from the Visual Studio Gallery.

I find it quite handy.
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
allmargins extension works for me in  visual studio 2010

Tool--
Title: Notepad++ workspace refresh?
Description: 
    
    
                    
How do i refresh the workspace / project in notepad++ when the file-system changes ( files and folders added or removed ).

at the moment it does not keep up with the local file system and i have to re-create the project each time!! frustrating..
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I followed Rechtar's suggestion.

I had a similar issue. Notepad++'s Project pane doesn't update when I change or create new files. What I ended up doing was downloading the explorer plugin through

PLUGINS 
Answer 2: 

    
    
In Notepad++ 7.5.8, this issue has been fixed. I suggest you update your notepad++ to the latest version.

In order to do this, go to ? -/strong/ppa href="https://notepad-plus-plus.org/news/notepad-7.5.8-released.html" rel="noreferrer"/a/pp/pprecode/code/pre/div
Answer 3: 

    
    
I'm currently running version 6.3.3 of notepad ++ and instead of adding the entire project all over again, you can right-click the folder in your project that has the new file and choose: "Add files...". From there, you can select your new file and open it. This will add it to your project in the appropriate folder.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
There doesn't seem to be a proper way to do this in Notepad++. The Project panel was born just 2 or 3 releases ago, so it's naturally immature. I suggest that you install either the Explorer plugin or the Light Explorer plugin - they are much more usable.

Or better yet, go learn Vim and fall in love with the NERDTree ;-)
    
    
Title: Is it possible to adopt IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition for web-development?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Currently I'm using IntelliJ IDEA for non-web projects, but I'd love to use it for web development. Unfortunately IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate Edition's price (220 Euro) is to high for me currently and that's why I'm forced to use STS(Springsource Tool suite).

And I'm wondering is there a way to adopt IntelliJ IDEA CE version for web-development? Of course I could just use crack or write one but it's not my style.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Sure it's possible.  I mean, it's possible to do web development in a text editor.  The real question is what do you lose/how much of a pain it is.  Some things that you will need to set up:


A task to build and deploy your WAR file locally(ant, maven, etc.)
To debug your project in IntelliJ CE, you'll need to spend some time setting up a run profile to launch your application server.


Even with that stuff set-up, you'll still be missing any convenience features specific to web development(beans won't automatically show links to relevant xml configurations, getters/setters used for dependency injection will probably show unused method warnings, etc.)

I'd say whether IntelliJ CE is a reasonable choice for web-development depends on how strongly you prefer IntelliJ to other editors, how comfortable you are with web-development in general(since you won't get any editor suggestions or warnings),  and how complex the web components of your project are.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
EDIT: This answer is now outdated. There is a war plugin in gradle that can be used directly by IntelliJ. Original contents follow, but please don't do this anymore.

We were using this gradle file:

apply from: 'https://raw.githubusercontent.com/icoloma/gradle-plugins/master/webapp.gradle'

group = 'com.mycompany'
version = '1.0-SNAPSHOT'

repositories {
    mavenCentral()
}

dependencies {
    providedCompile group: 'javax.servlet', name: 'javax.servlet-api', version:'3.0.1'
}


Then execute gradle idea or gradle eclipse to generate a project that can be deployed in IntelliJ Community Edition.

The long explanation is available here and the source code is available as a Github project.
    
    
Title: Android Studio wants access to microphone
Description: 
    
    
                    
I received a pop up in which Android Studio requests permission to access my microphone.

For as far as I know, there are no voice command features in Android Studio.

I found this rather odd and I hope someone knows why my IDE wants to acces my microphone.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
It's the Android emulator. The emulated phone has a microphone, so the emulator uses your computer's microphone to emulate it.

Feel free to deny access to your microphone; the emulator will work fine—except for its microphone, of course.

EDIT: monocasa on HN explained in more detail:


  It just enables the microphone at emulated device instantiation time. Easier than enabling/and disabling it at runtime.


https://android.googlesource.com/platform/external/qemu/+/a7c579bdcbe2543472535718d3b637cb864f6f36/hw/android/goldfish/audio.c#288
    
    
Title: Any experiences using SharpDevelop to build an ASP.NET MVC app?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've always used VS for .NET development, but am just wondering about the alternatives around now.  I'm especially interested in use for ASP.NET MVC development.  I'm not bothered about any of the visual design aspects of vs, but of course love intellisense and the debugging features.

So, for anyone who has tried SharpDevelop when doing ASP.NET MVC:


How did you get on?
What are the main disadvantages and pain points?


Thanks
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
By the looks of it, SharpDevelop won't have any problems compiling the project and editing the source...you just won't get any tooling support. From what I've read, that includes aspx files.

Having said that, there does seem to be some movement around an ASP.NET plug-in editor for SharpDevelop here.

Source: http://community.sharpdevelop.net/forums/t/7872.aspx

As an aside, it might to nice to update this question with your experiences if you go down that route... (:
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I have used SharpDevelop to create an ASP.Net WebForms project - didn't have too many issues with it. The lack of a visual designer is certainly annoying, but it forces you to think about the source directly, which is a good thing...

I haven't done anything with MVC yet - though from the sounds of things the only thing that's stopping SD at the moment is the tooling. The core developers might have no plans for that, but it's an open source project, so there's nothing stopping an independent effort.

I've gone a very limited amount of work (bug investigation) with the SD code - it seems to me that once you understand their classes it's not bad code... Their failing as a project has been (as it is with most open source efforts) that everyone wants to code, so the documentation gets ignored. No-one likes writing documentation, but clear documentation might have led to far greater participation...

It's a great project, but their decision to ignore the web is madness.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
As Kieron said, you'll be able to compile and you'll lack tooling. Unfortunately, #Develop's forum says that they don't plan to directly support it:


  ASP.NET support is not planned for SharpDevelop.


The lack of tooling and knowing that it's not coming anytime soon would be the major pain point for me.
    
    
Title: How can I automatically generate / update header files from cpp files without using an IDE?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am using VIM for C++ development for quite some years now and I don't want to debate the question whether to use an IDE or powerful text editor for software development. Up to now I've been involved mostly with a header-only template library where everything is either a template or declared inline, thus .cpp files don't play a major role.

Recently I'm more involved in "traditional" C++ development, facing the old issue of header / non-header file synchronization. I'm wondering if there are any command-line tools around that could be used in a make target or be integrated into VIM to handle this job, i.e. update header files based on .cpp files. Basically, declarations of classes / structs or (template and inline) implementations should be ignore int he header files, while function declarations should be added, removed or updated based on the .cpp file.

I'm aware of the lzz tool, however, that requires you to actually code in an additional, third file format that is then preprocessed to .h / .cpp files before the actual compilation.

Is there anything around that can do the job? How do other non-IDE developers handle this problem?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
As I myself am very curious about answers to your first question unfortunately I am not able to give you any good advice here.

To at least give you an answer to your second question: This is the somewhat semi-automatic way I use to manually add missing or adjust changed declarations in out of sync header files.

use the compiler with warnings enabled (!) to spot missing / changed declarations:

Adjust declarations

After changing the signature of a function definition gcc will throw an error like the following one:


error: conflicting types for ‘....’
note: previous declaration of ‘....’ was here


Fixing this one is relatively easy as both a reference to the definition and the corresponding declaration are already given in the error message.

As I am an emacs user I can't tell you the way this is done in vi, but I am quite sure there is an equally simple way to automatically jump to this spots.
All that has to be done is:


jump to location one copy the line
jump to location two replace old line with the copy and add a trailing ;


Missing declarations

If on the other a new function was added without adding it's prototype to the corresponding header file gcc will throw something like:


warning: implicit declaration of function ...  


Fixing this one a tag table comes in handy. Again I don't know for sure how this is handled in vi, but I am quite sure there is some way to quickly jump to the function definition given by its name in the compiler warning as well.

Workflow here looks like this:


jump to function ....'s definition, copy line
switch to header file, paste line and add a trailing ;


While this method is anything but elegant it has turned out to be working for those cases in which I forgot to adjust the header to keep it in sync with the source file, which can be done with a few keystrokes.

A broken Example

To demonstrate its application by example here a minmal program that needs it's headers to be fixed:

/* main.c */
#include "add.h"

int main (int argc, char *argv[]) {
  int a=0, b=0;

  add (a, b);
  sub (a, b);

  return 0;
}


Both functions add and sub are defined in add.c shown below:

/* add.c */
#include "add.h"

int add (int a, int b) {
  return a + b;
}

int sub (int a, int b) {
  return a - b;
}


The culprit add.h shows both a signature mismatch of the function add and a missing declaration of the function sub:

/* add.h */
long add (long a, long b);


Trying to compile will result in:

gcc -Wall main.c add.c
main.c: In function ‘main’:
main.c:7: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘sub’
add.c:3: error: conflicting types for ‘add’
add.h:2: note: previous declaration of ‘add’ was here


Fixing the example

Missing declarations

The first problem:


main.c:7: warning: implicit declaration of function ‘sub’


Is due to the fact that a declaration of sub is missing in add.h

Finding the right signature:


C-x` (next-error) will jump to the location of the error
M-. (gtags-find-tag) will prompt for the tag to lookup  
RET will jump to the definition of sub as the symbol at point is the default
M-z{ (zap-to-char) C-y (yank) to copy the signature


Up to here all steps could have also be done automatically by a keyboard macro as no intervention was needed. The next part will have to be done by hand:


open the "correct" header file
and navigate to the spot where the declaration should be entered


As the choice of "correct" header file and "correct" location most probably is a matter of taste in contrast to the steps taken so far I don't think there's much automation possible here.

Finally the last step is to paste the copied signature:


C-yM-y paste the copied signature
DEL; to replace { with ;


Adjusting declarations

Next the mismatch between adds declaration and definition has to be fixed.

add.c:3: error: conflicting types for ‘add’
add.h:2: note: previous declaration of ‘add’ was here


To copy the new signature from the definition:


C-x` (next-error) will jump to the location of the definition 
M-z{ (zap-to-char) C-y (yank) to copy the signature


To replace the declaration:


C-x` (next-error) will jump to the location of the declaration
M-z; (zap-to-char) to delete the old declaration
C-yM-y now paste the copied signature
DEL; to replace { with ;


And back again

Since two buffers have been poped:


M-2M-x burry-buffer should go back to buffer that was visited before 


Summary

As you can see while not a too time consuming process constantly jumping back and forth to fix missing or wrong declarations using this approach is still a rather tedious task I only use it to fix up declarations that I mistyped or completely missed in the first run.

Manually placing the "correct" declarations into the header still is the main approach that I take.

As laying out the API prior to implementing it might not be the worst idea IMHO this strategy shouldn't be a choice too bad. 
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
On UNIX-type systems, typically IDEs don't handle this job (in my experience).  The build tool (which is not usually bundled with IDEs such as Eclipse, Emacs, etc.) will do this work.

In modern systems the best way to handle this is to let the compiler do it: after all, the compiler knows best.  GCC, and most other UNIX/POSIX compilers, have options that will emit make-style dependency declarations during the compilation of a source file.  You simply arrange for this in your makefile, then include the output files in your makefile, and it all works very well.

See, for example: http://make.mad-scientist.net/autodep.html

Then check out the GCC options such as -MMD -MP (these are preprocessor options).
    
    
Title: Is there an IDE/utility to refactor Python * imports to use standard module.member syntax?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I was recently tasked with maintaining a bunch of code that uses from module import * fairly heavily. 

This codebase has gotten big enough that import conflicts/naming ambiguity/"where the heck did this function come from, there are like eight imported modules that have one with the same name?!"ism have become more and more common. 

Moving forward, I've been using explicit members (i.e. import module ... module.object.function() to make the maintenance work I do more readable. 

But I was wondering: is there an IDE or utility which robustly parses Python code and refactors * import statements into module import statements, and then prepends the full module path onto all references to members of that module?

We're not using metaprogramming/reflection/inspect/monkeypatching heavily, so if aforementened IDE/util behaves poorly with such things, that is OK. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Not a perfect solution, but what I usually do is this:


Open Pydev
Remove all * imports
Use the optimize imports command (ctrl+shift+o) to re-add all the imports


Roughly solves the problem :)



If you want to build a solution yourself, try http://docs.python.org/library/modulefinder.html
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Here are the other related tools mentioned:


working with AST directly, which is very low-level for your use.
working with modulefinder which may have a lot of the boilerplate code you are looking for,
rope, a refactoring library (@Lucas Graf),
the bicycle repair man, a refactoring libary 
the logilab-astng library used in pylint


More about pylint

pylint is a very good tool built on top of ast that is already able to tell you where in your code there are from somemodule import * statements, as well as telling you which imports are not necessary.

example:

# next is what's on line 32
from re import *


this will complain:

W: 32,0: Wildcard import re
W: 32,0: Unused import finditer from wildcard import
W: 32,0: Unused import LOCALE from wildcard import
... # this is a long list ...


Towards a solution?

Note that in the above output pylint gives you the line numbers. it might be some effort, but a refactoring tool can look at those particular warnings, get the line number, import the module and look at the __all__ list, or using a sandboxed execfile() statement to see the module's global names (would modulefinder help with that? maybe...). With the list of global names from __all__ and the names that pylint complains about, you can have two set() and proceed to get the difference. Replace the line featuring wildcard imports with specific imports.
    
    
Title: Vim context highlighting
Description: 
    
    
                    
I think standard highlighting is useful -- to some extent. When programming with callbacks and nested structures, this does not help. Keywords and strings, they appear everywhere, and it helps when they are shown in a distinct color, but these colors gives no clue about in which scope I am, where I am in a lexical standpoint.

I have heard of context highlighting, in a talk of Douglas Crockford, which I can't remember a url to. The idea is, to highlight lexical levels of scope. Toplevel definitions are colored in color0, inner level block statements are colored in color1, and this repeats recursively every time a new level of scope is introduced. Below is an example for this, using some imaginary node libraries. (Now added a (ish (or scheme lisp)) example)




This is not necessarily for node or javascript. I wonder if there is an editor/vim plugin implementing this kind of feature. I don't know if context highlighting is the word for this, but I can't just find one. Googling for context highlighting brings up results for generic token based highlighting and ConTeXt (which I don't have a clue about).

Does this exists? Is there an editor implements this? And more importantly, can I have this in vim?

Another question which is identical to mine, with no real answer: Is Crockford style Context Coloring implemented in any code editor?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I also couldn't find anything similar, so I wrote one:

rainbow_levels.vim: A different approach to code highlighting.

Of course it is a very simplistic implementation, only considering indentation levels instead of real context, but it gets the job done ;D
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Not exactly what you are requesting, but code folding is a powerful feature to let you focus on specific levels of your code.  Vim supports folding http://vim.wikia.com/wiki/Folding

Indention guides are very handy also, for focusing in on specific parts of code. The sublime text editor has this (http://sublimetext.userecho.com/topic/98136-indent-guide-highlighting-changed/)

I saw this plugin for vim (https://github.com/nathanaelkane/vim-indent-guides) that appears to do the same thing.

You could possibly create a syntax highlighter that uses the indentation logic of this plugin to change the color scheme.  What you describe is more involved where it needs to work not just off the indention, but like a language parser.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
There is now a plugin for this in VIM called vim-js-context-coloring. I've only just played with it a little and am not super impressed yet, but it looks promising!

Note: you need to install npm and then run npm install in the directory where the plugin is installed. I regretfully, forgot to read the instructions when I installed it.
    
    
Title: How to disable PyCharm from automatically updating Python interpreter on startup
Description: 
    
    
                    
It seems that PyCharm always updates the connected Python interpreter on startup and also scans and updates all packages if needed. For me this means whenever I open PyCharm there will be updating processes running in background and I have to wait sometimes for as good as a whole minute, which I find quite annoying.

So the question is: does there exist any way to disable this automatic update mechanism? It would be best if I can manually update Python interpreter and the packages only if I want to.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
From the official PyCharm help forum:


  You need to update the cofiguration file at / with the following code


&lt;application&gt;
 &lt;component name="UpdatesConfigurable"&gt;
   &lt;option name="CHECK_NEEDED" value="false" /&gt;
 &lt;/component&gt;
&lt;/application&gt;

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
If you want choose and update the Python interpreter in use for your project only when you want, you can set the Project Interpreter to Virtualenv.

From the menu File -/pulli/lili/lilia href="https://i.stack.imgur.com/NSrKo.png" rel="nofollow noreferrer"/a/li/ulpstrong/strongstrong/strongstrong/strong/p/div
Answer 3: 

    
    
From the PyCharm help page:

You can manage PyCharm updates on the Updates page under Appearance
and Behavior | System Settings in the Settings/Preferences dialog
Ctrl+Alt+S: Disable automatic update checks﻿
In the Settings/Preferences dialog Ctrl+Alt+S, select Appearance and
Behavior | System Settings | Updates.
Clear the Automatically check updates for checkbox.

    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
You can manually update the package and change the interpreter settings by following either of the two ways:-
Method-1: you have to go to the edit configuration button situated at the topmost right screen of your pycharm window and after clicking on it select the interpreter you want from the list.
Method-2: Go to system settings (in Windows) or system preferences (in mac) and then select a project interpreter from the dropdown menu. From there, you can change interpreter settings as well as install packages from the '+' sign.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
From https://www.jetbrains.com/help/pycharm/update.html#standalone:

Disable automatic update checks﻿ In the Settings/Preferences dialog Ctrl+Alt+S, select Appearance and Behavior | System Settings | Updates.
Clear the Automatically check updates for checkbox.

    
    
Title: failed to create jvm error code 4 android studio
Description: 
    
    
                    
I was just updated my last Android Studio and got this error:


  failed to create jvm error code -4
  JVM Path: C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.7.0_45\jre
  If you already have a 32-bit JDK installed, define a JAVA_HOME variable in
  Which is not solved.

    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Go to C:\Program Files\Android\Android Studio\bin\studio.exe.vmoptions

Open it with notepad. some times it will not be editable so give administrative permission and change the following attributes:

-Xmx512m to -Xmx256m

-XX:MaxPermSize=250m to -XX:MaxPermSize=128m

Or change:

-Xmx750m to -Xmx512m 

-XX:MaxPermSize=350m to -XX:MaxPermSize=250m
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I have rechecked the java path but its not working in my case. So I deleted the Android Studio settings folder in my user folder.

C:\Users\my_username.AndroidStudio


Then re-open Android Studio then everything work fine for me.

In some case is in C:/Users/my_username/.AndroidStudio3.0/studio64.vmoptions.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
finally I got answer here.
You need to change vmoptions file from android studio.


  Go to Program files 
Answer 4: 

    
    
If you have recently modified Custom VM Options using Help menu, then you should undo your changes or if you have created a new VM options file, remove it.
 The file can be found on this path:


  C:\Users\.AndroidStudio2.1

    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
just updating my JDK worked for me! :D
If it still doesn't work, try updating Android Studio.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
All I had to do was run android studio as an administrator.  Just right click on the icon on your desktop (do not try to do it with a shortcut pinned to your taskbar) and click run as administrator.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Go to
C:\Program Files\Android\Android Studio\bin\studio64.exe.vmoptions
Delete studio64.exe.vmoptions file
That's what worked for me
    
    
Title: Activity Bar width in Visual Studio Code
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there a way to selectively change the width of the Activity Bar in VSCode (v. 1.14)? I have a 1366×768 screen where every pixel counts, so I would like to make this bar narrow and icons smaller, by at least 50%. In comparison to vertical OS interface elements, e.g. Windows 10 Taskbar or Plasma 5 panel it looks monstrous and out of place:



I've been also trying to find a solution for the Insider version of VSCode, but apart from just hiding it I haven't discovered anything relevant yet.

I have "window.zoomLevel": 0 set in settings.json.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
EDIT (03/03/20): You can also use the customize-ui addon that allows more fine-grained font sizes and other goodies



You can also use the negative zoom trick in settings.json:

{
  "window.zoomLevel": -1,
  "editor.fontSize": 13,
  "terminal.integrated.fontSize": 16,
}


The whole editor will get smaller so you need to compensate editor.fontSize and terminal.integrated.fontSize



This allows for smaller activity bar (unfortunately it acts on everything (icons size, font-size ...)) but I much prefer this than the defaults.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I recommend the excellent extension Activitus Bar. It recreate the activity bar buttons on the status bar:



Then, you just hide this enormous, gigantic activity bar. Happying code!
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Not solving your exact question but another good solution...


Install the Customize UI extension.
In your settings.json add "workbench.useExperimentalGridLayout": true,.
In Settings (UI) go to the Customize UI settings and set Activity Bar to "bottom".
Completely close VSCode and reopen.



    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Wanted to add more to Akelian answer:

On Windows/Linux - File 
Answer 5: 

    
    
Not exactly what was asked, but instead of hiding it completely, I added a keyboard shortcut to be able to toggle the bar. 

On macOS: Code code/code
Title: How can I stop using a mouse while programming in my IDE?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I love using an IDE, because I get some great productivity gains. However, I have a couple reasons to stop using a mouse with an IDE: 


To code faster - It definitely slows down my coding when my typing is interrupted with all of the constant point and clicking.
To relieve pain - I've never had pain from the keyboard, but I get tendinitis from the mouse. 


I've got my cheat sheet for my IDE printed out and now I'm ready.


What's the best way get off the mouse? 
Are there any hurdles that I'm going to run into?
Are there any tips for specific IDEs (Visual Studio, Eclipse, etc.) ?

    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Move it to the wrong side (eg if you are right handed then put it on the left of the keyboard). That way, you can still use it if necessary, but you should find you aren't using it unecessarily.

If changing sides isn't enough to confuse your brain, then moving it to a place where it is accessible but you have to think before reaching for it. As long as you can't reach for the mouse without thinking about it, then you will find that it is easier to use keyboard shortcuts instead. Essentially you want the mouse to be an option but the keyboard to be a better/easier/more convenient one!

As for pitfalls, well you may find that if you have to test any interfaces (web based or dektop) that you need to revert back to using the mouse. Also I find that if I have to work outside of the IDE, then it is just not as efficient to do without the mouse. Often we use WOrd for specifications and documentation, and trying to get away with using that without a mouse, is tricky (in my experience). 

Another potential source of annoyance, is when switching between applications (Eclipse, VS, etc), you find that they often use different keyboard shortcuts, and so it can take a while to get back up to speed again, or you have to spend some time reconfiguring the shortcuts to be consistent. 
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Unplug it.  

If your mouse is completely gone then you will be forced to learn how to live without it and therefore will become productive without it.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Anytime you're about to use the mouse, forcibly stop yourself and look up the keyboard shortcut for that operation. Do that a few times per operation and soon your muscle memory will kick in and you won't even have to think about it anymore.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Learn the keyboard short cuts :)

Also some editors are better suited for mouse free operation. I use ViEmu with Visual Studio which has helped me reduce, but not eliminate the need for using the mouse. 
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Get a trackball.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Your real question is about pain and productivity, the mouse is just a by-product of your circumstances.  I would rephrase the question to reflect your real purpose.

Check out the wrist braces. I've heard from people that it makes a huge difference.

For VS, check out Sara Ford's blog.


Bind Macros to Keyboard Shortcuts
Keyboard Shortcuts to navigate task list


Search her blog for plenty of other tips and tricks.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    

Use the command line whenever you can (Install Powershell)
Switch to vim or emacs for code editing (or use ViEmu if you really need the intellisense)
If you develop web applications and/or spend a lot of time on the web, get the Vimperator or Firemacs extensions
Learn keyboard shortcuts for everything else.
???
Profit!!! (from your increased productivity)

    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
Hide the mouse under a copy of your cheat sheet.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
For visual studio I use the ViEmu plugin that allows you to use vi commands in visual studio. It's a bit difficult to get the hang of it but once you're done you'll only be using the mouse on the designer.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
Get a webcam and eye-tracking software. Then you can fix bugs just by looking at them. It makes you feel all-powerful.
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
I've summed up some shortcuts that will get you working faster with Visual Studio in my blog.

I recommend you start at this article, that shows you the shortcuts I'd recommend you should get to know first...
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
Switch to emacs.
    
    
Answer 13: 

    
    
Open the nearest drawer and shove it in and close the drawer. That way, when you really do need it it'll be inconvenient to use it!!!

Also, if you're using multiple IDEs it pays to configure key bindings that are common across them, so that you can switch between them easily.
    
    
Answer 14: 

    
    
Change your keys to Emacs setup , Learn the Keyboard Shortcuts. I rarely use the mouse, if ever, in eclipse. i find it alot easier to just use emacs key short cuts.
    
    
Answer 15: 

    
    
When I contracted for an investment bank in NYC, there was this guy who didn't use a mouse. He was a java/kdb dev and just used vim. I used to think it was the strangest thing that he didn't have a mouse attached to his computer, but damn.. that guy was productive. Probably the most productive guy I've ever worked with.

So yea, if you really want to go that route you could try using vim, or something similar. You'll lose the features you're used to in your IDE, but it worked for him...
    
    
Answer 16: 

    
    

Become a better typer.  As a slow
typer, I find myself going to the
mouse so I dont have to type.  If I
were more efficient at typing, I would
be less inclined to use the mouse.
If you are using a laptop and a
mouse, remove the mouse and leave the
trackpad as your only option.  That
will be so painful that you will be
forced to learn more keyboard
shortcuts.

    
    
Answer 17: 

    
    
Some very good answers above.

I spent a while injured with RSI and mousing was an issue. I already used shortcuts a LOT.
But coding using strictly the keyboard was definitely slower, especially when it comes to navigating around the code.

As I was using vi at the time, I would primarily move around the screen by doing searches for text at the location I wanted to go to; this is very fast, assuming you pick unambiguous text. Leaving line-numbers on and then going to the line number is another way to rapidly navigating. Judicious use of code folding (available in many IDEs) helps, too.

Finally, consider an alternate pointing device. A trackpad sucks for games but can be more accessible for coding, especially if you put it in easy reach of the keys (e.g., if you use a split keyboard, between the two hands). Try switching between two or more styles of device, to avoid injury because of one specific device. And don't ignore wrist pain! Treat it before it gets worse and you end up non-productive for a year or something.
    
    
Answer 18: 

    
    
Configure your IDE to use VI or EMACS keyboard controls (and learn them.)  Both options allow you do do most tasks without moving your hands of the home row.  You'll see your productivity drop during the learning curve but jump way up after as you save a lot of time by not moving your hand of the keyboard to use the mouse.

As a side note, learning to use a terminal based editor is a good skill to have in case you ever need to remotely administer a *nix machine.  It will save your bacon some day.
    
    
Answer 19: 

    
    
MouseFeeds plugin will help you in eclipse:
http://www.mousefeed.com/installation
    
    
Answer 20: 

    
    
All these coders and no one suggested to write some code to hide the pointer when the IDE's window is active??
    
    
Answer 21: 

    
    
Great question... A co-worker suggested Launchy to me as a way to reduce mouse-use/be more productive. It searches your Start Menu (or non-windows equivalent) for apps, docs, shortcuts, etc. Type alt+spacebar to bring up its prompt where you type what you want to launch. Here are a few examples - what you type depends on other things in your Start Menu.


ch for Chrome, f for Firefox
ca for Calculator
expl for Windows Explorer


A power-user can fiddle with its settings to get more out of it but even basic users will benefit from it. Hope it helps.
    
    
Answer 22: 

    
    
Change your keyboard:


(source: datahand.com)  
    
    
Answer 23: 

    
    
Hide your mouse - at least one arm's length away - then you can always get it back in an emergency
    
    
Answer 24: 

    
    
Move it far enough away that it's inconvenient to use, while your cheat sheet is close enough to easily lookup whenever you are in doubt about how to do something.  I would not suggest unplugging it, since it is a useful tool for some operations, such as moving files around.  I find drag and drop in some sort of tree like file system view is much easier than the alternatives.  The majority of editing operations though, are quickly accomplished via key strokes once you remember them.
    
    
Answer 25: 

    
    
I am using IntellijIDEA IDE. There is one very annoying plugin - "Key promoter".
For every mouse-inited action it shows annoying alert with keyboard shortcut which you could use to do the same action.

Well, it took about 2 or 3 weeks for me to stop using mouse at all. It was hard to not turn it off (plugin), but very useful :)
    
    
Answer 26: 

    
    
IMHO the best answer is combination of two already given answers:


Print out the keyboard shortcut cheat sheet of your IDE and tape it to the wall next to the screen.
Unplug it. Also this makes a bit harder to procrastinate by switching to SO in the other window...

    
    
Answer 27: 

    
    
You may also want to consider doing your coding on a Macbook/Macbook pro. I generally HATE touchpads, but I've had to do some coding on the plane and the new touch-sensitive pads are actually really convenient. For example, you can do things like scrolling with a flick of two singers, and it's a lot more accurate. 

It may not be perfect, but it might help with your hands.

I don't think avoiding the mouse completely is practical (you need things like hovers, etc.) 
    
    
Answer 28: 

    
    
First off, don't try to do everything with a keyboard, start by forcing yourself to use keyboards for the top 3 things that you do all the time.  Get the biggest bang for your buck/effort and you will quickly want to use more.


Keep a sheet of paper near by where you write down keyboard short cuts you use.  (Alternatively, add this to a company wiki so others can benefit.)
Pay attention to menu items, they frequently have keyboard short cuts.
Find out the keyboard shortcuts that show all other keyboard short cuts.


I use Eclipse all the time, there are several keyboard short cuts that I find invaluable:


CTRL + SPACE - Content Assist
CTRL + 3 - Open any UI Element in eclipse by typing
CTRL + SHIFT + T - Open by type (Uses Capital letters to do word searches and * for wild card, for instance NuPoEx would find NullPointerException)
ALT + SHIFT + R - Rename current selection
ALT + SHIFT + T - Refactor Menu


And CTRL+SHIFT + L gives you a list of all keyboard shortcuts
    
    
Title: I updated java and eclipse does not work
Description: 
    
    
                    
I updated my JRE today 23.06.2012, and after that eclipse will no longer start.  When I double click to start up eclipse the splash screen appears like a camera flash and then nothing happens.

Any ideas as to how to fix this?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
This is what worked for me:
Remove the lines:

-vmargs
-Dosgi.requiredJavaVersion=1.5


Add these two lines:

-vm
C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.7.0_03\bin\javaw.exe


Edit the path to match your installation.
The ini file is generally present at $ECLIPSE_HOME/eclipse.ini
Eclipse ini file

Note: You'll need to change windows security settings to get access. I recommend you don't edit this type of file in notepad (use notepad++). Backup the file before you edit.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I just added this line to the eclipse.ini file 

-vm
C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.7.0_03\bin\javaw.exe


The solution on my blog
and it is now running successfully.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
check if the java\bin path is added in the path and inside the eclipse installation folder, there is a file called eclipse.ini and check if the vmargs are added like below.

-vmargs
-Dosgi.requiredJavaVersion=1.5
-Xms512m
-Xmx1024m

    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Verify if you have installed a different version of JDK/JRE from your Eclipse. If you have installed 64 bits JDK version and your Eclipse version is 32 bits, it won't work. They have to be equal.

To verify what is your java version, type at command line window: 

java -d64 -version


If appears: "Error: This Java instance does not support a 64-bit JVM. Please install the desired version.", it means that your java version is 32 bits.

To verify what is your Eclipse version, see this post.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Right way is to replace following lines:

-vmargs
-Dosgi.requiredJavaVersion=1.5


with following two lines:

-vm
C:\Program Files\java\jdk1.8.0_102\bin\javaw.exe


You must edit the path to match your installation.

Even this is not enough. You must delete '.metadata' folder from your workspace.  
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I had the same challenge after i updated from java . After searching the web. I used this simple solution.
 Find your eclipse installation direction. Mine was under C:\Users\adefemi\eclipse\jee-neon\eclipse

Then open ecliipse.ini,  go to the line that looks like this one
C:/Program Files/Java/jre1.8.0_144/bin 

Change the version name accordingly. For instance mine was previously
C:/Program Files/Java/jre1.8.0_121/bin

That was all i had to do and eclipse started opening again. 
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
check your JAVA_HOME environment variable. Does it point to the new location.
Also see log file generated as a result of the crash
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
If facing problem with Eclipse regarding java, do a manual installation of Java on your machine ( http://java.com/en/download/manual.jsp ).

If you are using 64bit machine then you need to install java to c:\program files\java (Default Path) instead of c:\program files (x86)\java.

Set the environment variable path to c:\program files\java\bin;

And this will solve your problem.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
USING THE LATEST JAVA UPDATE TOOL.

Let say you updated thru http://java.com/en/download/installed8.jsp then you just ran down thru the update process of Java and just next next the update process of Java then opening up eclipse you encountered the same issue here. 

To fix this go to Environment Variables of Windows and check the "Path" variable you could notice that the Java update process added an entry similarly like this "C:\ProgramData\Oracle\Java\javapath" remove this and add "JAVA_HOME" if you have one or the location of your Java. Also note that you must enter at the start of the "Path" environment. 

This happens to me and removing the added entry of Java update resolve the issue and adding also the -vm and path of the Java in the eclipse.ini.

{Sorry don't have any screenshots to prove it}
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
Once Java updates are installed on your machine edit the eclipse.ini file to update the latest jdk location.
In MacOS,

Right click on Eclipse App icon.
Click Show Package Contents.
Go to Contents/Eclipse.
Open eclipse.ini file.
Edit the -vm /Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/jdk1.8.0_251.jdk/Contents/Home/jre/bin to point to the latest.
Save and close eclipse.ini.

Now start Eclipse application and the error got fixed.
    
    
Title: How can I continuously run unit tests in Visual Studio 2012 Professional?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Visual Studio 2012 added a "Run tests after build" button in the Unit Test Explorer, but it seems that option is not available in the Professional edition. In fact, my "Unit Test Explorer" is just called "Test Explorer", and doesn't have that button at all:



Are there any extensions which can replace this missing feature? Something that integrates with the existing test explorer UI would be ideal. (Free options are also preferred, since if I could convince my corporate overlords to shell out for VS Ultimate/Premium, this wouldn't be an issue anyway)
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I remapped my F6 key to TestExplorer.RunAllTests instead of the default of Build.BuildSolution

Build.BuildSolution gets remapped to Ctrl-Shift-B when you do that.

It works well because now my F6 reflex RunAllTests saves any modified files, builds my solution and runs my unit tests. 

The only thing I had to change is my window layout so that I can see the Test Explorer Window, that way I know if any tests failed.

Updating the answer with a link to a blog I wrote about this
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
The "Run Tests After Build" and "Profile Test" features are available in Premimum and Ultimate editions of Visual Studio 2012.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
NCrunch is not free but it's well worth the money and superior to any and all test running features in Visual Studio, regardless of edition.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
You could also have a look at http://www.continuoustests.com/ aka Mighty Moose.

It's not quite as slick as NCrunch, but it is free.
    
    
Title: IDE hangs in debug mode on break point in java fx application
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have a problem while debugging in IntelliJ IDEA, it hangs in debug mode on break point in listeners in javafx application. I tried to increase heap space, but it's not help. Maybe someone had such problem too, please, suggest me what to do.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Set this as a VM parameter:

-Dsun.awt.disablegrab=true


It will mess up drag-and-drop, and leave an artifact on your screen while the debugger is paused - but it will let you debug.  It happens whenever you block the JavaFX thread.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
This can happen for a simple reason: The application has a lock on the desktop, for example a modal dialog or a popup or an open menu. Then it stops in a breakpoint. This notifies the IDE. Now the IDE tries to do something on your desktop but can't since the application still has a lock on the whole desktop -/ppa href="http://chrononsystems.com/" rel="nofollow"/a/ppa href="http://blog.apokalyptik.com/2007/04/29/poor-mans-debugger/" rel="nofollow"/acode/code/ppstrong/strong/pblockquotep/p/blockquotep/pprecode/code/prepcode/codecode/codecode/code/pprecode/code/pre/div
Title: Hide line highlighting in IntelliJ IDEA
Description: 
    
    
                    
I just started using one of the JetBrains IntelliJ based IDEs (RubyMine) but I find the line highlighting really distracting. See pics below. Any way to turn it off?



    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
If you are referring to the active caret row highlighting, it can be configured in the Editor | Colors &amp; Fonts settings:


    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
In the updated version, first, you need to go in the preferences, 



Then, as suggested earlier, need to turn off the background of the Caret row, 


    
    
Title: Brace highlighting in Visual Studio for Javascript?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there a way to get Visual Studio 2008 to do matching brace highlighting for Javascript?

If there is no way to do it in Studio, can it be done using ReSharper?

Thanks!!
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Note that Visual Studio will still find a matching brace in JavaScript via Ctrl + ].
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Here is an extension for VS2010 that will do just what you desire. And it's free!

http://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/872d27ee-38c7-4a97-98dc-0d8a431cc2ed
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You could give Visual Assist X a go: http://www.wholetomato.com/
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
For what it's worth, I use the most excellent ViEmu plugin for visual studio, and it supplies the Vi(m) paren/brace/bracket matching. 

ViEmu is here

Of course, if you're not a Vi lover, the price for matching parens may be too high. ;)
    
    
Title: How to open two terminal windows in IntelliJ IDEA, PyCharm?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is it possible to open two terminal windows in IntelliJ IDEA (or in any other IDE based on it, like PyCharm)?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
In case of terminal toolbar status, you can do one of these options


Also after that you can drag them as tabs and let them be side by side.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You can open multiple tabs and then use the mouse drag them out into the editor area. Then you may want to split the editor vertically to have two consoles side by side. Or you could use one terminal in the tool window and the other up in the editor area.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    


Besides the great answer given by avb (using the + or right click), you can of course also use a hotkey for this (when selected the terminal) press:

MacOs: Command+T / ⌘T

Windows / Linux: Ctrl + T

Note: you can even rename tabs by double clicking on their label.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
You can drag terminal tabs into editor view and then use standard horizontal/vertical split to position them wherever you want them.

It's a bit hack since the editor then considers your terminal window a file and names it Local or Local(x) if you have multiple.

Also note, that since IDE considers it a file, you cannot just split the view to get a new instance of terminal. You would have to use the terminal view to create a new tab and then again drag it to the designated area.

This is how it looks:

    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Wow,I found that right now, The solution comes from PyCharm 2016.3 Help:
Right-click the tab header and choose Change Splitter Orientation on the context menu.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
This has just been working for me now! (pyCharm CE 2020.1)


open any file in the editor.
right click the above file's header and split "Horizontally".
right click again on the bottom editor window and split "Vertically".
open terminal and then open an extra terminal (2 terminals)  
Right click each terminal and send them to Editor (you need to send each terminal to an active editor.  
Close the unwanted editors


thats it
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Rename the terminal tab in terminal window before moving. Then, the name is retained instead of "Local"
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
This worked for me in IntelliJ Idea...
Click the plus icon to open a second terminal window

If you want to split the windows so both shows at the same time, just right-click on the second tab and select horizontal or vertical

Hope it helped someone.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
It's not a native solution, but as Bohuslav Burghardt has suggested in his comment, you could use tmux. You can split horizontally and vertically as desired.

Here is a handy cheat sheet to familiarize yourself with its commands.

For splitting in particular, you can use:


Ctrl+b % to split vertically
Ctrl+b " to split horizontally


And to navigate between your panes, you can use Ctrl+b followed by an arrow key.
    
    
Title: Java source refactoring of 7000 references
Description: 
    
    
                    
I need to change the signature of a method used all over the codebase.

Specifically, the method void log(String) will take two additional arguments (Class c, String methodName), which need to be provided by the caller, depending on the method where it is called. I can't simply pass null or similar.

To give an idea of the scope, Eclipse found 7000 references to that method, so if I change it the whole project will go down. It will take weeks for me to fix it manually.

As far as I can tell Eclipse's refactoring plugin of Eclipse is not up to the task, but I really want to automate it.
So, how can I get the job done?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Great, I can copy a previous answer of mine and I just need to edit a tiny little bit:



I think what you need to do is use a source code parser like javaparser to do this.

For every java source file, parse it to a CompilationUnit, create a Visitor, probably using ModifierVisitorAdapter as base class, and override (at least) visit(MethodCallExpr, arg). Then write the changed CompilationUnit to a new File and do a diff afterwards.

I would advise against changing the original source file, but creating a shadow file tree may me a good idea (e.g. old file: src/main/java/com/mycompany/MyClass.java, new file src/main/refactored/com/mycompany/MyClass.java, that way you can diff the entire directories).
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Eclipse is able to do that using Refactor -/strongstrong/strongstrong/strong/pp/p/div
Answer 3: 

    
    
IntelliJ IDEA shouldn't have any trouble with this.

I'm not a Java expert, but something like this could work. It's not a perfect solution (it may even be a very bad solution), but it could get you started:

Change the method signature with IntelliJ's refactoring tools, and specify default values for the 2 new parameters:

c: self.getClass()
methodName: Thread.currentThread().getStackTrace()[1].getMethodName()


or better yet, simply specify null as the default values.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I think that there are several steps to dealing with this, as it is not just a technical issue but a 'situation':


Decline to do it in short order due to the risk.
Point out the issues caused by not using standard frameworks but reinventing the wheel (as Paul says).
Insist on using Log4j or equivalent if making the change.
Use Eclipse refactoring in sensible chunks to make the changes and deal with the varying defaults.


I have used Eclipse refactoring on quite large changes for fixing old smelly code - nowadays it is fairly robust.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Maybe I'm being naive, but why can't you just overload the method name?

void thing(paramA) {
    thing(paramA, THE_DEFAULT_B, THE_DEFAULT_C)
}

void thing(paramA, paramB, paramC) {
    // new method
}

    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Do you really need to change the calling code and the method signature? What I'm getting at is it looks like the added parameters are meant to give you the calling class and method to add to your log data. If the only requirement is just adding the calling class/method to the log data then Thread.currentThread().getStackTrace() should work. Once you have the StackTraceElement[] you can get the class name and method name for the caller.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
If the lines you need replaced fall into a small number of categories, then what you need is Perl:

find -name '*.java' | xargs perl -pi -e 's/log\(([^,)]*?)\)/log(\1, "foo", "bar")/g'


I'm guessing that it wouldn't be too hard to hack together a script which would put the classname (derived from the filename) in as the second argument. Getting the method name in as the third argument is left as an exercise to the reader.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
Try refactor using intellij. It has a feature called SSR  (Structural Search and Replace). You can refer classes, method names, etc for a context.  (seanizer's answer is more promising, I upvoted it)
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
I agree with Seanizer's answer that you want a tool that can parse Java.  That's necessary but not sufficient; what you really want is a tool that can carry out a reliable mass-change. 

To do this, you want a tool that can parse Java, can pattern match against the parsed code, install the replacement call, and spit out the answer without destroying the rest of the source code.

Our DMS Software Reengineering Toolkit can do all of this for a variety of languages, including Java.  It parses complete java systems of source,  builds abstract syntax trees (for the entire set of code).

DMS can apply pattern-directed, source-to-source transformations to achieve the desired change.

To achieve the OP's effect, he would apply the following program transformation:

 rule replace_legacy_log(s:STRING): expression -&gt; expression
    " log(\s) " -&gt; " log( \s, \class\(\), \method\(\) ) "


What this rule says is, find a call to log which has a single string argument, and replace it with a call to log with two more arguments determined by auxiliary functions class and method.

These functions determine the containing method name and containing class name for the AST node root where the rule finds a match.

The rule is written in "source form", but actually matches against the AST and replaces found ASTs with the modified AST.

To get back the modified source, you ask DMS to simply prettyprint (to make a nice layout) or fidelity print (if you want the layout of the old code preserved).  DMS preserves comments, number radixes, etc.\

If the exisitng application has more than one defintion of the "log" function, you'll need to add a qualifier:

... if IsDesiredLog().


where IsDesiredLog uses DMS's symbol table and inheritance information to determine if the specific log refers to the definition of interest.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
Il fact your problem is not to use a click'n'play engine that will allow you to replace all occurences of

log("some weird message");


by

log(this.getClass(), new Exception().getStackTrace()[1].getMethodName());


As it has few chances to work on various cases (like static methods, as an example).

I would tend to suggest you to take a look at spoon. This tool allows source code parsing and transformation, allowing you to achieve your operation in a -obviously code based- slow, but controlled operation.

However, you could alos consider transforming your actual method with one exploring stack trace to get information or, even better, internally use log4j and a log formatter that displays the correct information.
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
I would search and replace log( with log(@class, @methodname,

Then write a little script in any language (even java) to find the class name and the method names and to replace the @class and @method tokens...

Good luck
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
If the class and method name are required for "where did this log come from?" type data, then another option is to print out a stack trace in your log method.  E.g.

public void log(String text)
{
   StringWriter sw = new StringWriter();
   PrintWriter pw = new PrintWriter(sw, true);
   new Throwable.printStackTrace(pw);
   pw.flush();
   sw.flush();
   String stackTraceAsLog = sw.toString();
   //do something with text and stackTraceAsLog
}

    
    
Title: What is the difference between jedi and python language server in VS code IDE?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am using VS code for python development. I had to disable python language server and enable jedi to fix an excessive RAM consumption problem with python language server. Many people encountered similar problems when you search on Google.

What is the difference between jedi and python language server?

I am using Windows 10 64-bit, python 3.7.3.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Jedi is an auto-completion library written in Python while the language server is implemented in C#. The latter was done for performance and to share a common code base between the Python extension for VS Code and the Python workload of Visual Studio. Eventually the language server will become the default experience in the Python extension for VS Code.

As for the memory issues, they are being actively worked on, so do make sure you are trying a new version of the language server (0.2.65 is the latest as of this writing). And if you are still having memory issues please file issues as appropriate.
    
    
Title: What does the -clean parameter mean in the Eclipse IDE?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have read that after installing some Eclipse plugins manually, one should use the -clean parameter to start Eclipse. Why or what does it do? 

Do I have to do something else? 

This question applies to Eclipse Galileo and Helios, in particular.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
No you can simply launch eclipse.

The article "keeping eclipse running clean" details the various usages for "the -clean" option.


  The easiest way to fix up a dusty workspace is using the -clean command line argument to the eclipse.exe executable. Let's take a look at what the Eclipse help docs tell us this command does: 
  
  if set to "true", any cached data used by the OSGi framework and eclipse runtime will be wiped clean. This will clean the caches used to store bundle dependency resolution and eclipse extension registry data. Using this option will force eclipse to reinitialize these caches. 
  
  The -clean argument is a one-time use flag, meaning after you have run Eclipse using it, you can remove it until you need it again.
  If you prefer to leave it set the only side effect of using it ever time are increased startup times (2-3x longer) which some folks do not mind. 
  
  Now, back to the description above, this may not sound like much, I have to say that you would be amazed at what using -clean can fix up sometimes; some really random things. There are three easy ways you can go about using this argument:  
  
  
  Edit the eclipse.ini file located in your Eclipse installation directory and add it as the first argument on the first line.  
  Edit the shortcut you use to start Eclipse and add it as the first argument.  
  Create a batch or shell script that calls the Eclipse executable with the -clean argument. The advantage to this step is you can keep the script around and use it each time you want to clean out the workspace. You can name it something like eclipse-clean.bat (or eclipse-clean.sh). 
  

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
If you're developing Eclipse plug-ins, you want to use the -clean parameter on the Eclipse application you start to test your plug-ins.

Otherwise, as VonC already answered, -clean is a one-time use flag, meaning after you have run Eclipse using it, you can remove it until you need it again.
    
    
Title: Single Click Preview File with Phpstorm Like Sublime Text
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is it possible to preview a file with one click on file name like Sublime Text in Phpstorm?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Yes, it's possible but it little bit different from sublime-text.
You can use phpstorm shortcut "Quick Definition", by default on linux:

CtrlShiftI

Select file at project window and press this hotkeys.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I installed a plugin called Quick File Preview, by Martin Sommer.
I hate having to install plugins for small things like these, but I felt I had to. Having to double-click a file just to see its content can be quite annoying for someone coming from Sublime and VS Code (VSCodium in my case)
    
    
Title: How to &#39;go to definition&#39; for user defined function in Leksah?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I can do this for system functions like const by selecting it, right clicking and choosing search(metadata). The same does not work for user defined functions.

How do you do such a search?

If it is impossible for user defined functions, how do you read an already existing Haskell project and jump between definitions and invocations?

Vim + ctags work for user defined functions only, and are not as powerful as cscope for c/c++ source.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I tried what you said with user-defined functions and it works fine for me. I select name of function, right click, search(metadata) and it appears in the search tab to the right. Then i click "go to definition" and it takes me to definition.
Maybe you should try restarting Leksah? I noticed that sometimes it doesn't recognize functions immediately as I write them, but if you restart it, it will recognize them.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You need to use 'Update Workspace data' under the 'Configuration' menu -- Leksah doesn't index user-created functions until you do this (or restart the compiler). The default shortcut under Windows is Ctrl+M.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
This solution may be totally off base because I don't use Haskell, but would ack-grep work for you? I have found it very useful for doing code dives.

I see in the documentation that it supports haskell.

I believe you would use: ack --haskell user_function
    
    
Title: How to move &ldquo;Solution Explorer&rdquo; tab in Visual Studio
Description: 
    
    
                    
Does anyone know how to move the "Solution Explorer" tab in Visual Studio 2005?  It's on the left, and I can't move it to the right.

Thanks,

Alan
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Click on the title bar, and drag it to the right portion of the screen.  Eventually you'll see a compas like structure popup.  Make sure you hover over the right area and let go of the mouse button.  That will bind it to the right side.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You Can go to tab Windows -/p/div
Answer 3: 

    
    
you move the whole solution explorer while its floating on the screen. Right click--
Answer 4: 

    
    
You can only drag the panel by the title bar to the central compass overlay while it is pinned and not set to auto hide. You can click the pin icon in the title bar to toggle this.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
This is an old question, but for anyone looking to change tab placement in Visual Studio 2019, right click the open tab, select [Set Tab Layout] then a position: Left, Top, Right.

    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Go to View-
Title: Word Wrap in Net Beans
Description: 
    
    
                    
Netbeans is great but there's no way to wrap text in it (or hopefully I haven't found it yet). Is there any way to do this, and if not, is there any similarly good IDE for Java with this functionality (hopefully free as well).
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can use word wrap in Netbeans.

Add the following to netbeans.conf (netbeans_installation_path/etc/netbeans.conf, by default /etc/netbeans.conf under linux):

-J-Dorg.netbeans.editor.linewrap=true


to the sixth line so it looks like this:

netbeans_default_options="-J-client -J-Xss2m -J-Xms32m -J-XX:PermSize=32m -J-XX:MaxPermSize=200m -J-Dapple.laf.useScreenMenuBar=true -J-Dapple.awt.graphics.UseQuartz=true -J-Dsun.java2d.noddraw=true -J-Dorg.netbeans.editor.linewrap=true"


and restart Netbeans.

Set the Line Wrap option in Tools-
Answer 2: 

    
    
If you do web development you are going to understand why text wrapping is important. 

A programmer who has never gotten their hands dirty with HTML has never seen the real web. You can insist on MVC all you want to but 99.9% of the world wide web since its inception wasn't built that way. Unless you're always developing from a clean slate and can use MVC to separate the HTML out AND assuming you have an on-staff web designer who does html/css/javascript or you have an interface developer who you can fob it off on you WILL have to deal with everything that has been developed/kludged/hacked together with what ever technologies were at hand or popular or affordable at the time and now more or less functions as a 'web application'. And 99.9% of the time what you will have to work with is a mix of some kind of a programming language, most likely an interpreted one, with html and javascript all mixed in the same page. 

And this means no nice short lines of neat clean java code that oh so conveniently end before 80 characters.

And when you deal with this -- which, dear hearts, is most of the web -- you magically discover the crying need for text wrapping to keep the long lines from making you scroll waaaay to the right to get to the end of it.

Some people. Sheesh. They think the whole universe of development has always fit on 80 characters per line, and from some of these comments, they seem to think it always will.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Netbeans 7 is out and it supports word wrap out of the box!
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
There's word-wrap eclipse plugin: see http://ahtik.com/blog/eclipse-word-wrap/
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Like Joseph said: why would you need this. Java is not white space sensitive and having very long statements does not make your code easy to read.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
It always goes back to Ultraedit.

Why can't we as a human race figure this out?  netbeans, eclipse, zend studio (eclipse), etc don't do something very simple for programming, that most programmers -need to have- to keep a sound coding convention.  Sure, it's true that coding style contributes to length of lines (erm microsoft programmers, perk your ears), but sometimes one cannot avoid long string literals.  This is insanity!  And yet I can't be mad or ungrateful because it's open source.  And i -am- grateful.  Still, one has to wonder wtf programmers who make these editors are actually using themselves.

I want an editor to wrap at column 80 or 120, not at the window's edge like notepad++.  The only tool I've found that does hard/soft wrapping is ultraedit, so maybe I should try to see if I can get it to run under wine, since UE is the only 'real' editor that does it's job other than something weird / ugly / takes forever to learn and configure like emacs.  And I am not going down that road- it gives me migranes to look at it because it's 2009 and we have cleartext and guis.

Is it really that difficult a problem to solve?  If you draw a line down from column x and your word crosses over it, then put the beginning of the word under the indention of the line from which it started and mark the spill over row as a wrap row.  Done.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Actually i heard netbeans is going to add word wrap feature in 6.7 release but then they decided to include this feature in 7.0 . hopefully we would see word wrap in the next release, according to few developers this isn't a necessary feature but for web developers this is totally needed. 
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
There is a great solution to this at this website blog.robbychen.com

The jist is to add the following line inside the quotes for netbeans_default_options inside the config file then restart netbeans:

-J-Dorg.netbeans.editor.linewrap=true

    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
Except Eclipse does not support word wrap either, and they even don't have set up a target for this. Just like Netbeans, this has been asked by many users, but was never included. It appears it requires much change, and as well does not seem to be a high priority for devs.
There was once a beginning of a plugin trying to word wrap in a limited way, but of course it does not work on recent versions.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
When you get to where you want the line to end, just start a new line without ending the statement. It may underline it in red until you end the statement, but it won't cause any exceptions. 

I find that it is also a good way to organize long println() statements.
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
Komodo Edit. In addition to its many other marvelous features, it actually wraps lines.
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
2 points:


Just found that wrapping is really needed if one wants to look into those damn SVG sources auto-generated when putting components from SVG palette...
I'm going to solve my current problem with seeing full SVG source by copy-paste to jEdit which is as configurable as Ultraedit (in the aspect of wrapping) and FoC!

    
    
Answer 13: 

    
    
As many have already noted, the answer is "you can't."  As someone who uses Visual Studio and Eclipse-based products every day, when I am using Eclipse, I am constantly missing Visual Studio's line wrapping features, which I can turn on and off with a keystroke.

To the many people who have responded "you don't need this," stop being so condescending.  Simply because you don't need a feature doesn't mean nobody else in the world does.  Even if one were to religiously follow the advice "never have a line over 80 characters," you're going to need to edit code that others have composed and goes over 80 chars.  And especially in the web-world, lines can get tremendously long.  It's inevitable that you'll spend a lot of time looking at other people's code that goes way over 80 chars.

jEdit's line wrapping is very good.  It preserves indentation and can be turned on an off very quickly.  If I'm dealing with some very unwieldy long lines, I sometimes copy/paste in jEdit (which offers syntax highlighting for a myriad of languages) and use the line wrapping available there.
    
    
Answer 14: 

    
    
The new version of Netbeans supports it.  See this post for instructions:

Word Wrap in Netbeans
    
    
Answer 15: 

    
    
Of course word wrap is useful for coders - what about when you're writing README.txt files and you have to stick to coding standards like http://drupal.org/node/161085 where is says there needs to be an 80 character word wrap.
    
    
Answer 16: 

    
    
In netbeans 7.3 you go to tools-
Answer 17: 

    
    
Get a bigger monitor. 

At 1920 x 1080 you don't need no steenkin word-wrap.

Update:
Wow, still getting downvotes. Maybe it's just how I said it. At least it hasn't caught up to the Eclipse answer yet. 

I really thought this was a legitimate suggestion. I never thought that having a bigger monitor would make as much of a difference to coding as it has for me. If you're using a small monitor to code please consider getting a nice big new one. It does eliminate the need for word wrap in a lot of cases.
    
    
Title: Interacting with program after execution
Description: 
    
    
                    
In PyCharm, after I run a script it automatically kills it:

C:\Users\Sean.virtualenvs\Stanley\Scripts\python.exe C:/Users/Sean/PycharmProjects/Stanley/Stanley.py
Process finished with exit code 0

How can I interact with the script after it starts? For lack of a better way to phrase it, how can I get the

&gt;&gt;&gt;

prompt after the script runs once through?

PyCharm Community Edition 3.0
Windows 7
Python 2.7

    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
UPDATE
Starting with version 4.0 there's an option Show command line afterwards (renamed in later versions to Run with Python console) when editing run/debug configuration in Run|Edit Configurations.... 



From output of python --help:


  -i     : inspect interactively after running script; forces a prompt even
           if stdin does not appear to be a terminal; also PYTHONINSPECT=x


To set interpreter option in PyCharm go to Run|Edit Configuration
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
in Pycharm, Run/Debug menu choose Edit Configuration, check the box before 'Show command line afterwards'
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Click Run -&gt; Edit Configurations...,

Then check the box Run with Python console.
    
    
Title: Aptana studio won&#39;t load?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm using a standalone version of Aptana and I have just finished reformatting. When I tried to launch Aptana I got this error:


  Could not launch the product because the specified workspace cannot be created. The specified workspace directory is either invalid or read-only.


How can I solve this?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I just ran into this same issue. It's caused by having your "My Documents" folder mapped to a different drive. The installer and program assume it's located on the C:\ drive and attempt to create or open the workspace there.

To fix the issue:

Create a new shortcut for Aptana (or modify the existing one) and add a -data parameter with the path to your workspace folder (by default under your documents). On my system it is setup like so:

 "C:\Users\Lance\AppData\Local\Aptana Studio 2.0\AptanaStudio.exe" -data "E:\Documents\Aptana Studio Workspace"


Viewing the error log:

A log file is written in the /configuration/ folder of the program each time you attempt to launch the program. The log files look like they are named after some kind of timestamp (1259818956579.log). Inside the log file there is a detailed error message with the -data solution:


  Root exception: java.lang.IllegalStateException: The platform metadata area could not be written: C:\Users\Lance\My Documents\Aptana Studio Workspace.metadata.  By default the platform writes its content under the current working directory when the platform is launched.  Use the -data parameter to specify a different content area for the platform.

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
This can happen if you copy the Aptana folder from one machine to another and the usernames or update one machine and change your username. Try checking the file "configuration/.settings/org.eclipse.ui.ide.prefs" if you have it and make sure any references to locations reflect your current environment.

You can try to comment or delete the line with: RECENT_WORKSPACES key. 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I had the same error message with "Aptana Studio 3" on Fedora 12.

I removed spaces from directory names in the path where Aptana is stored and updated the corresponding path in the config file; 

configuration/config.ini

Tom.
    
    
Title: How do I reindent all my codes in Eclipse?
Description: 
    
    
                    
In most of the IDEs, I had a Reindent All command. How do I do that in Eclipse 1.2?

Edit: The commands work with Java codes but is there a way I can get it to work with Clojure?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Ctrl+Shift+F

will format all your code according to active formatting rules, this includes any indentation rules you defined (tabs/spaces, amount of those, etc...)

You can change those rules at:


Window /lili
Answer 2: 

    
    
Is CRTL+SHIFT+F working in eclipse 1.2 ? 
In 3.5 is working fine.

You can also select all the code you want to indent, and then hit CTRL + I 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Eclipse is up to version 3.5 now. You might want to upgrade.

To format your code however you like, including indentation and a dozen other minute details that you might care about, you can set Formatter options (under Preferences / Java / Code Style / Formatter). You can also tell Eclipse to run the Formatter on every save, along with other rules.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
TAB and SHIFT+TAB should also work for selected lines of code/text - provided your tab character is configured to be equal to your indent space count.
    
    
Title: Intellij Light bulb
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there a way to get light bulb to stay in the margins like in netbeans? Or at least a way to click on the highlighted code and get a fix menu instead of getting an information popup? 

I don't like having to press alt enter each time to fix something so I want to be able to do this without pressing alt+enter and with clicking instead.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
There are 2 ways that I know of.


You can click on the red line, and click the red bulb that will appear near the start of the line.





You can use the keyboard shortcut Alt + Enter(⌥⏎) to bring it up.


Click the red underlined area and press Alt + Enter (⌥⏎)





Hope this helps.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Go to your IntelliJ Preferences 
Answer 3: 

    
    
I don't know how or if it's possible to have it always there but if I'm understanding you correctly the way to get the light bulbs to appear by using only the mouse and clicks is to click the highlighted or underlined code a single time and it should appear in the margins.

Here's some code highlighted and thus has some information:



Then you have the information when you hover:



But if I click inside the highlighted section I get the light bulb:



The same applies for things like unused methods which gives the menu to "Safe delete" and others. In that situation the code isn't highlighted but rather grayed out. No matter, click it and get the bulb.

As a user of drafting tools I understand that there's basically two camps of users. Those that favor a mouse and those who favor keyboard shortcuts. So my 0.02 is the shortcuts are just that. They're faster - zoom zoom!
    
    
