Title: Integrating an external code processing tool to the RAD Studio IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
Early Borland IDEs (TP, TC) has a mean to execute an external tool, process its output via filter and present an user navigable view with messages associated with corresponding file name and line/column number (protocol has been described here).
Is there a support for such kind of integration nowadays or I have to resort something like IOTAMessageServices.AddToolMessage (and write such "fitting" myself)?
    

        
Title: Does STS support a local Groovy installation?
Description: 
    
    
                    
So far I've been writing apps with Groovy+Grails using Notepad++. I don't tend to like IDEs getting in my way, especially since apparently STS is convinced that it has to do everything with batteries included, which means bundling its own installation of Groovy via the Groovy-Eclipse plugin. A project I'm working on is now getting so large that switching to an IDE would be best, but an even bigger plus would be if I could get STS to point to my local Groovy installation, as it does with the Grails plugin.

How can I get STS to use a local Groovy compiler as opposed to its built-in ones?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Groovy-Eclipse has deep hooks into Eclipse's Java compiler as well as into Groovy's compiler.  In fact, it ships with a patched version of both.  This is the way that you can get incremental compilation, eager parsing, content assist, joint compilation (without using a stub compiler), etc.  For this reason, Groovy-Eclipse does not support an external compiler.
    
    
Title: Visual Studio Add-In automatically showing code file besides header file?
Description: 
    
    
                    
In Visual Studio 2010 C++ projects, I always have the header (.h) and the corresponding code file (.cpp) open at the same time.

I dock the code window of the header file to the left and the code file to the right.

Is there an add-in available for VS2010 which automatically does this for me?
    

        
Title: In Matlab, how can you move the document bar using a command?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have a bunch of docked figures in matlab.  Each one shows up as a tab in the document bar.  This is the bar that runs along the bottom of the figures window with a tab for each figure. This bar can be easily moved by clicking on the anchor and moving it to the left, right or top.  From the matlab help it says...

"Move the document bar.
Do one of the following:

Drag it to another location.
Select a new location from the Desktop 
Answer 1: 

    
    
I have never tried to move the dock bar but I have done some similar messing about with the command window when creating a gui. For example:

function SetCommandWindowDocked(docked)
   j_desktop = com.mathworks.mde.desk.MLDesktop.getInstance;
   cmd_win = j_desktop.getClient('Command Window');
   j_desktop.setClientDocked(cmd_win,docked); 
end


I used Yair Altman's matlab utilities to sniff out the right objects/methods to use, see matlab fileexchange.
    
    
Title: Missing context menus in Eclipse Indigo
Description: 
    
    
                    
I use Eclipse 3.7 to edit JSP files in the default Java EE and Debug perspectives. 

I noticed that whenever I debug, the usual context menu items are missing (e.g., "Inspect", "Watch"). I'll show a screenshot below.



What makes it even weird is that these menu items appear when I'm debugging in the PHP perspective.
    

        
Title: IDEs besides Leo for cloning, aliasing, multi-viewing nodes/files?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am searching for IDEs/editors that will allow me to collect and edit subsets of the same files in multiple different views. This is precisely Leo's cloned node feature: Changes in a node are mirrored in the clone and vice versa. An analogy might be symbolic links or aliasing in a file system. (This is not the same as copying a file where edits to an original and the copy are independent.) 

Leo is very cool, but I'm wondering if this feature is available in other IDEs. I am happy to pay for ease-of-use, stability, and polish.

(Bonus: Can I do this in Jetbrains' MPS? It doesn't seem like it from my playing around.)
    

        
Title: windows ruby debug ide gem install fail
Description: 
    
    
                    
I can't find anything on this (with any solutions, that is) that has the same exact problem as me. I can't install a certain gem on my system. I run:

gem install ruby-debug-ide --platform=ruby --pre


Everything is installed fine right now. Ruby 1.9.3 and the Ruby DevKit are installed as well. I've installed ruby-debug-base19x version 0.11.30.pre3 as well and that went smoothly. Right now, this is the only thing giving me problems. I've tried everything - restarting my machine, and even reinstalling Ruby and the Ruby DevKit.

Here's the error from the gem_make.out file:

    C:/Ruby193/bin/ruby.exe mkrf_conf.rb
Building native extensions.  This could take a while...
Building native extensions.  This could take a while...
ERROR: Failed to build gem native extension.

    C:/Ruby193/bin/ruby.exe extconf.rb
checking for rb_method_entry_t.called_id in method.h... no
checking for rb_control_frame_t.method_id in method.h... no
checking for if rb_iseq_compile_with_option was added an argument filepath... no
C:/Ruby193/lib/ruby/gems/1.9.1/gems/ruby_core_source-0.1.5/lib/ruby_core_source.rb:39: Use RbConfig instead of obsolete and deprecated Config.
checking for rb_method_entry_t.called_id in method.h... yes
checking for rb_method_entry() in method.h... yes
checking for vm_core.h... yes
checking for iseq.h... yes
checking for insns.inc... yes
checking for insns_info.inc... yes
checking for eval_intern.h... yes
checking for if rb_iseq_compile_with_option was added an argument filepath... yes
creating Makefile

make
generating ruby_debug-i386-mingw32.def
compiling breakpoint.c
compiling ruby_debug.c
ruby_debug.c: In function 'filename_cmp':
ruby_debug.c:522:9: warning: implicit declaration of function 'filename_cmp_impl'
ruby_debug.c:530:7: warning: implicit declaration of function 'realpath'
ruby_debug.c:530:34: warning: comparison between pointer and integer
linking shared-object ruby_debug.so
ruby_debug.o: In function `filename_cmp':
C:\Ruby193\lib\ruby\gems\1.9.1\gems\ruby-debug-base19x-0.11.30.pre6\ext\ruby_debug/ruby_debug.c:530: undefined reference to `realpath'
collect2: ld returned 1 exit status
make: *** [ruby_debug.so] Error 1


Gem files will remain installed in C:/Ruby193/lib/ruby/gems/1.9.1/gems/ruby-debug-base19x-0.11.30.pre6 for inspection.
Results logged to C:/Ruby193/lib/ruby/gems/1.9.1/gems/ruby-debug-base19x-0.11.30.pre6/ext/ruby_debug/gem_make.out
C:/Ruby193/lib/ruby/1.9.1/rubygems/installer.rb:552:in `rescue in block in build_extensions'
C:/Ruby193/lib/ruby/1.9.1/rubygems/installer.rb:530:in `block in build_extensions'
C:/Ruby193/lib/ruby/1.9.1/rubygems/installer.rb:505:in `each'
C:/Ruby193/lib/ruby/1.9.1/rubygems/installer.rb:505:in `build_extensions'
C:/Ruby193/lib/ruby/1.9.1/rubygems/installer.rb:180:in `install'
C:/Ruby193/lib/ruby/1.9.1/rubygems/dependency_installer.rb:297:in `block in install'
C:/Ruby193/lib/ruby/1.9.1/rubygems/dependency_installer.rb:270:in `each'
C:/Ruby193/lib/ruby/1.9.1/rubygems/dependency_installer.rb:270:in `each_with_index'
C:/Ruby193/lib/ruby/1.9.1/rubygems/dependency_installer.rb:270:in `install'
mkrf_conf.rb:25:in `rescue in &lt;main&gt;'
mkrf_conf.rb:20:in `&lt;main&gt;'


My apologies for the length of errors - I'm just tired of restarting from the beginning with  no luck multiple times and making sure that everything I'm doing is correct and not overlooking anything. Thank you so much.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
It looks like a recent commit may have fixed this. Can you try pre9?
    
    
Title: Forcing ReSharper to use the red curly underline for some errors?
Description: 
    
    
                    
ReSharper defaults to using a red curly underline for some of its errors, and highlighting keywords red for others.  For the 'Cannot resolve symbol' error (which is the same as the 'The type or namespace name could not be found...' error in normal Visual Studio), ReSharper defaults to highlighting the unfound keyword red:



... instead of the default Visual Studio of using a red curly underline:



Is there a way to make ReSharper use a red curly underline instead?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
That's actually an error. The only different is that R# provides highlights it differently since it provides the option to create a type. 

Alt+Shif+Page Down (or Page Up) to navigate between errors will actually identify this one and the error is even more evident if you enable the Solution wide analysis (bottom right corner) and open the Errors in solution window


    
    
Title: octave in emacs to echo function parameter list in the minibuffer
Description: 
    
    
                    
Just like using lisp interpreter in emacs, I want a similarly function that can do this job under octave in emacs. Anyone already have one?
    

        
Title: Embedding Python with basic IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
My company has a C/C++ application developed using Visual Studio. Currently we have a Visual Basic plugin which lets you open a built-in text editor and run VB code. This built-in text editor gives the user all the basic debugging tools (break, watch, step...). I was wondering how could I do that using Python. The tricky part is that the python interpreter has to be launched from inside the main application, so that they have access to the same memory space.

I already have a swig interface for the application API and did a proof of concept VB script in which I loaded Python as a DLL and executed a script as described here. This works perfectly when I am sure the script has no bugs, but it would be much easier if I could have some sort of interface which I can debug the script being executed.

I had a look into the pdb module, but it dosent look like the way to go. If someone could just point me into the right direction it would be much appreciated.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I've had some luck embedding Spyder in a C/C++ program that I had created wrappers for (using PySide). Since the wrappers included the main application logic, I turned the program into a python application and then embedded Spyder using one of their examples.

However, it uses pdb or winpdb under the hood, so complete functionality is still not there IMHO.
    
    
Title: Is there a way to group methods/properties in the outline view of Aptana IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've looked everywhere for a feature like this. I use the Aptana IDE (which is based on Eclipse) for my php development, and I use the outline feature a lot. 

I enjoy xcode's 'pragma mark' feature, which lets you group sections of your source code together in the outline view for quick reference. (Described here: http://cocoasamurai.blogspot.com/2006/09/tip-pragma-mark-organizing-your-source.html)

Is there anything like this for Aptana/Eclipse?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
[EDIT:  I wrote this blog post which explains further:  https://peacocksoftware.com/blog/create-pragma-separator-eclipse-xcode ]

The closest I have found is to do one of these two things:

Create a dummy constant, or create a dummy function.  Both will create entries in the outline.  See screenshot.  Personally, I think I like the constant better, because its icon in the outline makes it clear it isn't really a function.


    
    
Title: How do you support multiple Android device configurations in sources?
Description: 
    
    
                    
After introducing latest changes in Android SDK and Android Market it's now more or less standard that one and the same application can have several builds, one let's say oriented to small screen devices, other one of tablets and probably another version for devices lacking or having some features like front camera, wi-fi, GPS and so on.

In elder times (when J2ME was still alive) - problem was resolved using so-called preprocessing directives specific to NetBeans. The same source could support multiple configurations, up-to ten or even more. Nowadays how it can be done?

Please share your experience how you used to resolve these kind of problems?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    

  it's now more or less standard that one and the same application can have several builds


I'm not sure how you're using the word "standard" here. It's certainly possible, is occasionally necessary, and IMHO isn't something you race to go use. If you really need it, fine, but everything you listed can be handled with a single APK. Personally, I'd reserve the multiple-APK route for things that normal configuration and feature management can't cope with, such as device-specific bugs.


  Nowadays how it can be done?


One approach is to use an Android library project for the common code base and use separate hosting projects for your configuration-specific code.
    
    
Title: Help with integrating latest Delphi Web Script (DWS) with SynEdit
Description: 
    
    
                    
I decided to have a concerted effort to get the excellent DWScript (Delph Web Script DWS) integrated into a simple IDE using SynEdit. DWScript is currently being agressively developed and has a number of advantages over other Pascal Script libraries, however it does not contain an editor or any IDE example beyond a simple memo control to prove execution capability. It does contain a number of hooks for editor / debugger integration and in fact when DWS was reawakened a while ago, releases did contain an example of a SynEdit / DWS2 (as it was then) integration. An example can be found in the file dws2src20-20030907.zip in the \dws2rel\dwstools\idedialog\source where there is a 'mini-IDE' with editor window, call stack, breakpoint window etc. Really nice. I did get this working some months ago using an old SynEdit and the DWS2 that was included in this file. 

So, I have now tried achieve this (or a similar) ide using the latest SynEdit (downloaded from SVN) and the latest DWScript (also from the SVN). Both libraries are installed fine into XE and their demos run fine. I then tried taking the ide example from the old "\dws2rel\dwstools\idedialog\source" and updating the code but much has changed. Frustratingly, not so much has changed that I gave up quickly - I tried searching for the various 'old' type definitions in old source and matching them up with 'new' definitions. Finally though, after several hours mired in code I decided that someone, somewhere must surely have been down this route?

Has anyone got an example of a DWScript - SynEdit integration using recent DWScript code please? I'm very happy with something simple that I can learn / build upon.
Thanks
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
SynEdit component has received little maintenance, and even some projects as Inno Setup have changed to Scintilla, Inno Setup is not using DWS but the code can serve you as a basis for new IDE
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Dws have a editor on the demos with debuger and remote debuger just download all versions of dws one 
    
    
Title: Visual Studio 2010 - IDE command to find extension method namespace?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I make heavy use of  + &lt;.code/codecode/code
Answer 1: 

    
    
Resharper can do this for you.

Type myDateTime.ToWebsiteString, hit Alt+Enter and Resharper will show a list of namespaces to select from.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
If you type/select the extension method, like:

Html.ActionLink


Then hit F12 with the cursor inside the extension method name, Visual Studio will take you to the class (and namespace) that adds that Extension Method, even if it's buried in some DLL somewhere (it shows you the public method stubs). Good enough, works without Resharper.
    
    
Title: View Call Hierarchy for operator()
Description: 
    
    
                    
In my unmanaged C++ (VS2010) project, the "View Call Hierarchy" command is not available for operators such as operator(), but it works for other functions.

How can I display the call hierarchy of an operator?
    

        
Title: Optimal Way to Browse Gem Source Code
Description: 
    
    
                    
I find that browsing source code of open source libraries being used in projects is invaluable. Unfortunately, I find this difficult when developing with ruby on rails. I am accustomed to working inside IDE's that allow me to jump to the definitions of symbols, regardless of whether they are part of an external library.

I use Aptana Studio 3 on Mac OS X to develop, but would be willing to change IDEs for this feature.

I have explored https://github.com/fnando/gem-open as an option, but have yet to find a good editor to integrate this with. Can anyone recommend one? Anyone else have a good method for browsing the sources of gems?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Aptana Studio 3 has a command line launcher: studio3.

Add the following to your ~/.bash_profile:

export PATH="/Applications/Aptana Studio 3:$PATH"
export GEM_EDITOR="studio3"


Reload your existing shell environment: . ~/.bash_profile and then you can use gem-open with your preferred editor: gem open rails
    
    
Title: IS there any open source Web based IDE for .net [duplicate]
Description: 
    
    
                        
            
        
            
                
                    
                        This question already has answers here:
                        
                    
                
            
                Closed 9 years ago.
        


    


  Possible Duplicate:
  Online .NET IDE?  




any free open source Web based IDE available for .net. if anyone knows about it then please share the info with me.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Visual Studio Express is free but it's limited and not open source. It works fine for most practical purposes and it does come bundled with the Microsoft compiler so it's an easy to use end-to-end solution.

Notepad++ has support for C# and it's handy to use for text editing purposes. For more fledged environments, SharpDevelop is another IDE that comes to mind. Neither of these IDEs has a built-in compiler, so as with any IDE you still need a compiler.

See the related question for a more comprehensive list of IDEs: .Net RAD IDE - Opensource Preferred or http://www.csharptools.com/ for related tools.
    
    
Title: Python IDE and gathering runtime statistics (variable types and other)
Description: 
    
    
                    
It occured to me after reading this blog post and watching related video: http://steve-yegge.blogspot.com/2008/05/dynamic-languages-strike-back.html

Is there any Python IDE that gathers Python program runtime statistics and uses it to provide better code completion, variable type determining etc.?

Or, if not IDE, is there any working tool that gathers such information and can be used by programmer to do something useful?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
AFAIK there is no tool that is able to do all this magic at once, but...


eclipse can do some inference about basic types, e.g. classes and instance members, functions, can do some autocompletion
semantic &amp; emacs also does it
pywin, IDLE and pycrust introspect imported modules, also providing autocompletion
pylint does extensive static checks, apart from other functionality

    
    
Title: What are you using for Ext JS config objects&#39; intellisense?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am wondering what IDE RIA developers use for Ext JS development? Does any IDE has config objects itellisence?

I found this itellisence file for Visual Studio. Also Aptana has support for Ext JS, but not for config objects. Spket has IDE is it good? Does anybody use it?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can try Ext Designer for the Design of your application. 
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I use Komodo, they have support for popular libraries like dojo yui and Extjs
    
    
Title: Eclipse Java EE: When starting Application, stop old running instance
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am searching for a way in Eclipse to stop all running instances of a Java Application when clicking run, to assure only one instance of the program is running at the same time.

I am programming a server application and it's obvious that you can only run that once, just thing of the socket bindings etc.

Of course you can stop it manually each time, but as I also have client applications running I have to change the console each time and click the red stop icon. This is retarding the development process.
    

        
Title: Any templates for MS Word for formatting source code (when writing pseudocode)?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm writing an interface spec in MS Word and it would be great if there were some sort of template or pluggin for Word (2003 here) that would make it all look a bit prettier.

(I'm realizing how spoiled I am with even the archaic VB6 IDE).
    

        
Title: IDE Color Scheme Add-In
Description: 
    
    
                    
Does anyone know of a VBA add-in that would provide more options for the IDE color scheme?  It's pretty limited.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
As far as I know, it is not possible.
    
    
Title: Related File Tree in Eclipse
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there a way to get a related file tree for files in eclipse? In other words I want to know ALL possible files changing a particular file could effect.

So if I change an image file I want to know all JSPs that reference that image and all servlets that reference that JSP and all other java classes that reference that servlet... etc. Maybe I'm shooting for the moon.

(Note: I have edited the post due to a comment below. Before I only mentioned finding references in Java files.)
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Hit ctrl+shift+G to get all references to a type/method. Or open the Call Hierarchy view (Ctrl+Alt+H) to allow you to tunnel into references.

See this question for lists of useful shortcuts:



Update:

To see relationships between types, you need a dependency analysis tool, check out JDepend for Eclipse or CAP
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
From http://www.allappforum.com/eclipse/eclipse_shortcuts.htm

Ctrl Shift U    Find references in file
Ctrl Shift G    Find references in workspace
Ctrl G  Find declarations in workspace
Ctrl Shift P    Navigate to matching bracket/brace
Ctrl T  Popup type hierarchy
Ctrl Shift T    Open Type
Ctrl O  Outline of current source
Ctrl F3     Outline of current cursor position
Ctrl Shift Arrow    Jump beetween methods up or down
F2  Show Javadoc
F4  Show hierarchy
Ctrl Alt H  Open call hierarchy 

    
    
Title: Stuck with ILIDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm trying desperately to find a (good, even any?) IDE for MSIL. (For that c : IDE for MSIL)

I thought I found one with ILIDE, but when debugging my code I always (it's not depending on the code) get : 


  SandDock]TD.SandDock.ControlLayoutSystem::OnMouseMove(System.Windows.Forms.MouseEventArgs


When I don't use the mouse (since it's apparently triggered by e mouse-over)
I get : 

System.NullReferenceException from 'debugger 3' without any additional info.

Did anyone use the program (3.0) with more success?
    

        
Title: Stop Visual Studio 2019 letting me edit files whilst in debug mode
Description: 
    
    
                    
Visual Studio 2019 lets me edit C# source code files whilst the application is running/being debugged and not paused. This leads to errors when the application is paused and I attempt to start it again.

How can I stop visual studio from letting me edit files whilst the application is in debug mode and not paused?

I did not know it was even possible to enable such a thing.

Update: VS2019 is now crashing to desktop when I debug. I see the following error in windows event logs which references edit &amp; continue. How do I resolve this?

&gt; "Application: devenv.exe Framework Version: v4.0.30319 Description:
&gt; The process was terminated due to an unhandled exception. Exception
&gt; Info: System.NullReferenceException    at
&gt; Microsoft.VisualStudio.LanguageServices.EditAndContinue.VisualStudioDebugStateChangeListener+DebuggerService.Microsoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.ComponentInterfaces.IDkmModuleInstanceLoadNotification.OnModuleInstanceLoad(Microsoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.DkmModuleInstance,
&gt; Microsoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.DkmWorkList,
&gt; Microsoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.DkmEventDescriptorS)    at
&gt; Microsoft.VisualStudio.Debugger.EntryPoint.IDkmModuleInstanceLoadNotification_OnModuleInstanceLoad(IntPtr,
&gt; IntPtr, IntPtr, IntPtr)

    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I found this "utility" very frustrating too, but I found an explanation (and solution) to this:


Edit your coude while application is running.
The changes are underlined in green and if you put the pointer over, will see the message you describe.
Pause the application
ReRun application
the code should be update WITHOUT restart the application


You can found the MS explanation and more info at:
Disable being able to edit code while debugging
    
    
Title: How to wean oneself from IDE to text editor?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've been using IDE's for various languages over the years (VS, IntelliJ, Eclipse, NetBeans, FlashDevelop, etc), and i've always found them slow and cluttered (yes i know windows can be hidden, rearranged and what not). Recently however i've learned and become somewhat proficient with VIM and have been using it for as many projects as possible.

My problem is i've grown quite attached to the various features that the IDE's provide (intellisense, refactoring, embedded docs, the list goes on). Does anyone have any advice for how i can overcome these crutches and become truly IDE free?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I don't understand why you would want to become IDE free?  Why is programming like they did 20 years ago a virtue?  It sounds like you just want to do this because that's what all the "uber" programmers do.  Intellisense, refactoring, etc. are all tremendous evolutions that increase productivity.  Our job is hard enough modeling complex business problems, why do you want to make that harder with an inferior development environment?
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
If you are using Windows then there's definitely no point in switching to VIM.  In UNIX/Linux however, the shell IS the IDE.  

The most important point to get is that VIM is just the text editor.  Don't do everything in it.


Your shell (BASH, etc.) is for
managing files and directories. 


You can't beat the shell integration you get with SVN/CVS/Git/etc.

Window management can be done with
GNU Screen or using BASH job control
(^Z, fg, bg)
intellisense is available for
VIM/Emacs, but never under-estimate
the power of just the built-in
auto-completion.  


Does intellisense
auto-complete column names in query
strings?

The most advanced refactoring tools
in most IDEs are child's play
compared to what I can do with
keyboard macros in Emacs.
embedded docs: If you are doing
C/Perl programming then the
available man pages are usually
sufficient.  


Making a macro to look
up the function under the cursor is
easy.


    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Some quick tips that have worked for me


memorize the entire API space I'm working in
use console output debugging
use search and replace for rename-refactorings
count braces, parens by hand to make sure they match

    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
@Jason Miesionczek:  I hope you realize that using a text editor is a great way to learn the nuts and bolts and moving parts needed to actually compile something useful - but it's no way to be productive.  As you imply in your question - Intellisense, refactoring, and other automation is really helpful - so don't give these features up just because they "hide" certain mechanisms.

Farmers use tractors - not because farmers don't know how to till the soil - but because time is money.

@everyone else:  I think the OP already clarified that he wants to know how he can overcome the IDE's ability to "hide" the mechanisms behind coding and building apps.  I think this is a valid point, especially for Microsoft products - because there is SO MUCH automation going on, that sometimes I don't even know which files need to be checked in to source control...

So in response, I think if you really don't want to use an IDE, I think it's pretty clear that a text editor and documentation are ALL you have.  You can build or find utilities to help you recover some of the nice features you had with an IDE, but at that point - you are building an IDE!
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I don't see a point in going extreme either way. I use a combination of find, grep and vim for most of my production troubleshooting efforts but when I need to work on coding new classes from scratch, I'd use an IDE still. It just makes sense as I have no use for remembering things that an IDE can easily do for me. 
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
The best way is to view the IDE as training wheels. When you can anticipate everything it's going to hint and autocomplete for you, then you can start trying it on your own.

Probably the biggest incentive will be how much more quickly things will happen when you start up the editor. :) At least my experience with IDEs is that they sell a lot of hardware.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
You can use a modular system like JEdit or Emacs. These programs are text editors, but are extensible to nearly a full IDE style application. Get it set up the way that feels the most comfortable, then start removing extensions you think you can do without, one by one.

However, don't think that IDEs are completely unnecessary they are a very good tool to use in many cases.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
Jason, here's the thing: learning VI will take you years.  And once you learn it, you'll have at your fingertips an immense and addictive power you never thought possible.  However, it's a power that not everyone necessarily wants or needs.

If you plan to program for a while, because it's a good job, with good pay -- and then hopefully get promoted to manager or something or start your own business, go ahead and use the IDE.  It's fine.  Plenty of people do this and there's absolutely nothing wrong with it.  If that is your career path, you don't have time to really learn VI, and you shouldn't bother.

On the other hand, if you actually really LOVE programming -- if programming is something you are passionate about and that you would do for free even if nobody paid you -- and you plan to program for your whole entire life until your fingers don't work anymore -- then learn VI.  

There are VI scripts that you can download that give you intellisense, refactoring, etc.  But IMO, by far the biggest win with VI is the ability to record and play back macros.

Macros give you wings, like Red Bull.  The types of motions that you make to edit the text might seem odd when you first learn them, but when you start to fit them together into sequences and play back those sequences as macros, you will begin to understand that those strange keystrokes (capital A to position the cursor at the end of the line of text -- 0 to position it at the beginning -- w to skip a word -- etc) are like little cog-like Anime robots that can assemble themselves into a giant Transformer beast that can decimate any text-transforming problem you throw at it.

I can't tell you how many times someone gave me a file with messed up formatting or something and they thought I would have to write a program to fix it and I just opened up VI, typed in some macros, and fixed it right in my editor.  I've had people watch over my shoulder and ooh and ahh about this -- and I don't say this to brag or to say that I get satisfaction out of that, but I'm just trying to impress upon you that VI itself is a powerful and impressive platform.

Add to that that you are using a tool that has continuously been improved and tweaked and fixed and debugged and added to for more than 30 years, and you've got something really special.

You get out of it what you put into it.  This is true across all realms of human endeavor and it's true here.  Put the time and effort into learning VI, and you'll find yourself in a world of efficient coding you didn't even know existed.

p.s. I forgot to mention one other thing -- what happens when language X, the one you are programming in, goes out of style?  Time to learn another IDE.  Unless you know VI, in which case, your old friend is still with you.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
The various features that IDEs provide are not crutches.  Giving those features up are what would be crippling.

Not to say that you can't be a good programmer without using an IDE, but given two identical programmers, the one using a high quality IDE will wipe the floor with the other.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
I have purchased viEmu for Visual Studio, and I use jVi for NetBeans. There's also a vim plugin for Eclipse but I stopped using it because it lagged on my computer and sometimes missed my keystrokes, which got very unproductive. By doing this, I don't have to choose between vim and an IDE. The vim plugins are emulators and so aren't perfect, but they've got all the most important functions I find. 
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
What it sounds like to me is that you are disatisfied with the speed of IDEs, and you want something as fast as a text editor (with the low memory footprint) but can still be productive.

Ignoring the question of if this is worthwhile (that can only be ascertained by productivity comparisons which really vary from person to person, and can vary depending on the team, as well as the language), here are some ideas for making it work:

Use a text editor with syntax highlighting. These are commonly available (like Notepad++)  and do not slow things down. Because they are regex based they are only 95+% accurate, but good enough.

Next, look for the capability of scripting chunks of code. For Java, there would be BeanShell, or perhaps favor a language like Ruby or Python which have that inherently, and develop/look for macros which let you select a chunk of text and pass it to the script runner (to quickly check syntax when you are not sure). Depending on the language, it may also be fairly trivial to get a macro which selects an API call and figures out how to open the documentation in a browser window.

To really be productive, though, you will need to really know your API and your text editor very well, and develop a lot of muscle memory, and be fast at developing little macros to do redundant tasks.

It's not my cup of tea, but the people I have seen who are productive that way follow that kind of path. 
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
I guess you seem to be asking "what does an IDE do for me?" and "what are alternative to [bloated IDE of choice]?" and "How can I learn how an IDE does these things?"

So.


vim does a lot of neat things besides 'editing'. vim will do auto-indent (==), and some autocomplete (ctrl-P). When churning out code, that's what you're doing right there.
You can write your build scripts by hand. Not that that is a particularly efficient way to do it, but you gain a huge appreciation for what eclipse does in the background. Also, you will have full control of dependencies, and know exactly how the build process works. No more "I can't even build it without netbeans!"
Which means, learn either make or one of the java build-script-things (ant?) You can definitely write java buildscripts in make, and makes pretty darn useful anyway.
If you are writing C code, indent is a pretty useful tool - though vim's pretty-printing is often good enough.
Learn grep for searching through files (especially the -n, -R, and --color options!) As an added bonus, you'll start learning regex.

    
    
Answer 13: 

    
    
The pragmatic programmer has a good section on text editing that hits home for me. The core principle is that once you learn a powerful (and extensible) editor then you can slice and dice code with efficiency, very little effort, and without regard for language you happen to be working with at the time.

A good IDE can be a good editor providing that it supports the various languages and text formats you routinely edit.

On that note I'm a bit disappointed that Visual Studio doesn't have built-in support for file types such as .ini, .cmd, .bat, .reg, and so on. seems like this would be trivial to add and would make developers more likely to rely on that editor for everything.

(aside: this is very different from relying on an IDE as a crutch. every developer should understand every bit of code in their project and not rely on wizardry.)
    
    
Answer 14: 

    
    
I guess the question would be 'why?'.

I tend to not use IDEs when I am trying to learn a new language. Right now I am using gedit to learn C but even with that I use line and bracket highlighting, auto-tab, and syntax highlighting + some custom build/run scripts.

Use an IDE when your programming is a means to an end. The purpose of an IDE is to speed up your work.

Use a simple text editor when your programming is the end itself.
    
    
Answer 15: 

    
    
How to wean yourself off?  I believe that it all starts with a good build script.  Knowing how to make a build, FAST, from the command line is key.  This is one place where IDEs hold you back.  If you're not doing your own builds, and you're letting the IDE autogen it all for you, you're missing out on a lot of flexibility.

So instead of memorizing the API space, learn the build language and how to run the compiler and linker the way you want.  Keep using your IDE to edit.  Then, as you get comfy with that, you can switch to whatever editor you like without much friction.  But IMO if you start editing in another editor, but use the IDE to do your builds, you'll be a lot worse off, especially if you do end up deciding that the IDE is good for something after all!
    
    
Answer 16: 

    
    
Install emacs and don't look back.
    
    
Answer 17: 

    
    
This is Mac OS X specific, but I love TextMate. It's a text editor with "half-auto-completion" and a number of shortcuts to docs etc. So you can get some help if you want it, but it's still a text editor.
    
    
Answer 18: 

    
    
I don't recommend you to quit IDEs. Going from IDE to notepad can be quite painful (you will miss Intellisense and breakpoints A LOT). The only way to abandon IDEs is to uninstall them and start with notepad. Again: I don't recommend it. IDEs are designed for making you more productive and they use to do those boring tasks we don't want to do (creating the code for a blank form, the events for a button, etc).

I use Notepad for writting little dlls in C++ and... oh! I really miss Intellisense and a lovely IDE that corrects my syntax errors...
    
    
Answer 19: 

    
    
Editors? IDEs? Real programmers use butterflies.
src
    
    
Answer 20: 

    
    
You could probably get a lot of the features of an IDE in VIM if you learn how to configure it correctly. But ultimately, the question is WHY would you want to do that? Why mess with configuration for each project, when you have something working that is much easier in an IDE already. I think time would be much better spent learning whatever language you use, than learning how to use a text editor, powerful as it may be.
    
    
Answer 21: 

    
    
I personally use emacs as my editor, and then the tools of my OS to do the rest.

On Linux, I always use the shell to do everything. manpages for documentation (oh how I miss these when coding on Windows), grep to... er, "grep" files, scripts to do useful things, etc.

Try to find external tools that do the jobs that you want VIM to do, that your bloated IDE did for you. Modular is good.
    
    
Answer 22: 

    
    
Buy a 2nd monitor.
    
    
Answer 23: 

    
    
You can use both the IDE and the text editor.

The IDE for refactoring, documentation, search, usage, build tool integration, seamless different tech transition (yea, idea), tasks/issue integration, time tracking integration, code/libraries experimentation.

The text for... well.. whatever else makes you happy, and for cases when you don't have the IDE, such as ssh command line, test/integration machine (this is when you want to have the build tool at hand, and don't rely on the IDE for build tasks).
    
    
Answer 24: 

    
    
I thought Visual Studio 2K5 and 2K8 felt slow and "bloated" until I upgraded to a midrange SSD drive.

After making sure you have plenty of RAM, putting your IDE on a speedy disk drive is often one of the best performance upgrades you can make - perhaps even moreso than CPU speed.  See: http://weblogs.asp.net/scottgu/archive/2007/11/01/tip-trick-hard-drive-speed-and-visual-studio-performance.aspx

After upgrading to a SSD and making a few SSD-related tweaks to Windows, Visual Studio 2005 loads about as quickly as a text editor for me on a 2.4ghz Core 2 Duo laptop.

Should we have to buy an expensive disk drive just to run a "modern" IDE in a responsive manner, when the uber-3l337 UN1x c0derz happily run EMACS on 386s with 32MB of RAM? Well, there's no doubting that plenty of coders are extremely productive without IDEs, many moreso than IDE jockeys. More power to them.  But if you prefer to use an IDE and coding is how you make a living, should a few hundred dollars should be a dealbreaker?  Up to you to decide, but worth considering, I think.
    
    
Title: Java programming requirements
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am a C# programmer. I want to learn Java to implement my windows application. But I don't know what IDE and what tools can help me.

Please help me to choose best platform and IDE and other tools.

Edit:
Thank You For Your Helping. And What is Best Ebooks and UserGuids to Learn java.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
First, download the java jdk.

http://www.java.com/en/download/index.jsp

Later, install an IDE. I suggest you to use Eclipse, I like it:
http://www.eclipse.org/

Another one very used is Netbeans:
http://netbeans.org/

Have Fun!
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
There are really three big IDE's that people use:

Eclipse

Netbeans

Intellij IDEA (my personal favorite)

The online Java Tutorials are a great place to start learning the language. 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Eclipse or NetBeans will be your best bet for an IDE (in my options)

Set up Git for source control

Use Maven to manage your builds (if you're getting that complex)
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
There's a short tutorial along with a great comparison table here.  It's a Java tutorial aimed at C# developers.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Java is very close to C# you don't need more than eclipse (Actually I prefer it more than Netbeans) and search for any syntax you want in the Java documentation
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
JDK 


First you need to download Java
development kit(J2SE 6)  from Sun's
website


IDEs 


eclipse or netbeans


Books


If you are planning to use Swing for
windows application - you may read
sun's tutorial
http://java.sun.com/docs/books/tutorial/uiswing/
Or if youa re a serious Java learner
get the Thinking in Java book from
here
http://www.odioworks.com/46-Bruce_Eckel%27s_Free_Electronic_Books.html


By the way, welcome to Java's world :)
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Welcome to Java World. You can either use Swing or SWT for windows form like development. Here is a good link to get started with SWT http://www.developer.com/java/other/article.php/3330861/SWT-Programming-with-Eclipse.htm . 

On top of what the other user's have already recommended, I would suggest getting familiarized with a J2EE container. It will come in handy in the future. Here is a link on what it is. JBOSS container is free and a pretty good one to use in my opinion. You can download it here.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
For Windows app with SWT / AWT gui you should know there are plugins for IDE that help you to create your gui. Check for exemple Matisse for NetBeans.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
Once you have Eclipse up and running, you should look at the Visual Editor Project plugin at Eclipse for developing windows applications. Hand-coding all of the SWT stuff is a big pain and hence the plugin will help.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
netbensIDE will help u 
    
    
Title: Is it a good idea to develop an IDE for scala?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have to choose a sizable (but not too sizable!) project for my next &amp; last term in university. I thought maybe a nice IDE for scala is what the world might need right now :).

Would you like to see an IDE specifically made for scala? Or are you more comfortable using (the already available) plugins for popular (mainly java) IDEs &amp; editors?

What do you think about the whole idea?

P.s. I'd make it open source &amp; would add features one by one, so if it doesn't end in one semester, it won't be a problem from the university perspective.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Actually, not anymore. IntelliJ, Netbeans and Eclipse all have Scala-specific efforts that have more man-hours in it than you could possible start to begin putting in at a last term. And there's two very interesting efforts that were results of projects like that, both of which were made to contribute to any IDE effort: ENSIME and Scala Refactoring.

And, beyond these efforts, most programming editors, such as jEdit or TextMate, also have some Scala support to one degree or another.

So, really, contributing to one of these projects might be a good idea, but making a Scala IDE is not.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
For his Masters thesis, Mirko Stocker contributed the refactoring functionality to the Eclipse Scala plugin, see:

http://misto.ch/scala-refactoring-talk-at-scala-days-2010/

Instead of creating an IDE from scratch, why not contribute a major piece of functionality to the Eclipse plugin, all contributions are welcome. For ideas, see tickets.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Or instead of reinventing the wheel.. you can contribute..
http://wiki.netbeans.org/Scala

But I am not sure if it will be somehow enough for your university work. At the same time, as you see, those plug-ins still require a lot of work.

While writing your own IDE you will just trying to solve problems that were already solved and tested. Besides, even if - what kind of IDE is that, which allows you to do 
Scala (even if its great) only. So just for simple xml edit of ant file or whatever you will need another tool. 

I think Brian Clapper already summed it up nicely.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I'd suggest something like CheckStyle but for Scala might go down well and be reasonable to tackle as a project.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Not a Scala developer but an Eclipse plug-in would probably be a worthy senior project.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Concur. Operating systems, text editors, and IDEs...does the world really need more of them? No. But everyone wants to write one. 

If you want to do something useful, as opposed to simply academic, develop an extension for an existing IDE. Eclipse, NetBeans, Komodo, etc. are all nicely extensible through plugins.
    
    
Title: Is it possible to turn off Unicode support in RAD Studio 2009?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have a little trouble with RAD Studio 2009.
As you know, it is possible to switch Unicode support off in MSVS (right click on solution-
Answer 1: 

    
    
Short answer: No, there is no such feature to turn off Unicode in RAD Studio 2009.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You have to be careful using the UnicodeString::t_str() method.  If you call it in a project that is compiled for Ansi rather than Unicode, t_str() alters the internal contents of the UnicodeString.  That can have unexpected side effects, especially for UnicodeString values that come from controls.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
chester - You don't need to call WideCharToMultiByte() directly.  Let the RTL do the work for you:

AnsiString s = Form2-&gt;Edit1-&gt;Text;
MessageBoxA(NULL, s.c_str(), "It`s ok", MB_OK);

    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Is it possible to turn off it?  The better question is: should you turn it off?  And the answer is: NO.

It's far to design the application so that Unicode characters are sent properly when serialized (for example, in sockets in your application), than to design a non-Unicode program in a Unicode world.  Even for a simple project, it's worth learning Unicode in principle.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
To be precise, you can get your C++ Builder application to be built without the #UNICODE flag being defined by modifying the project options for "TCHAR maps to char".

This means that SendMessage will call SendMessageA, etc, and the TCHAR

However, if you're using any VCL functions, there are no non-unicode equivalents to those. The VCL is now inherrently Unicode, and that can NOT be changed. 

Re: your "solution"- there's an easier way. which works with both TCHAR = char or wchar_t:

MessageBox(NULL, Form2-&gt;Edit1-&gt;Text.t_str(), _TEXT("It`s ok"), MB_OK);

    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
There is a better way, I do it like this:

MessageBox(NULL, Form2-&gt;Edit1-&gt;Text.w_str(), L"It`s ok", MB_OK);

    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I`ve solved the problem this way:


    wchar_t* str = Form2-
Title: Can I use a RAM disk to speed up my IDE?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Duplicate:

RAMDrive for compiling - is there such a thing?

I have an idea how to speed up my IDE.
I want to create a RAM disk and move my solution onto this virtual disk.
I think that this can speed up the IDE because RAM is much faster than a HDD.
Has anyone done this before?
PS: I think, when I have some documents in my program(real world) which are used frequently(for example some document templates) it could be good idea to move these documents onto a RAM disk as well to speed up I/O. Am I wrong?
If power is a problem, a UPS could solve it.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I just read a post on this very subject:  http://nesteruk.org/blog/post/Cheap-way-of-speeding-up-Visual-Studio-IO.aspx
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Honestly, if you have Vista/Windows Server 2008 x64 and you jam your workstation with 4 to 8 GB of RAM, for most tasks, everything will be in cache or stored by SuperFetch, which will be a lot easier to manage and just about as high performance as a RAM disk.  The RAM disk won't do a thing for you if you're starving your other system RAM to make it work.

BTW, I tried your suggestion a couple of years ago.  While it technically worked, copying the necessary data to the RAM disk on every boot took too long and was a pain.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I have a 128GB Samsung flash based hard drive and it is FAST. My whole system, VM and IDE included, load in less than one minute.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Given sufficient RAM, this problem's been solved for a long time.  If you have lots of RAM, stuff from the HD gets cached in it anyhow, and the HD is only the bottleneck the first time you're loading something at boot.  As far as the initial boot time, I'd suggest using sleep/suspend mode and simply not rebooting your computer frequently.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Personally I'd just buy a SSD disk, you could lose your whole soln at any time if your ram loses power. 

Right now I have 4gb of ram and a 150gb 10k rpm velociraptor hard drive for my boot disk, running win xp pro 64bit and everything(VS 2008, sql management studio, and my testing VM's) is very fast.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Under Linux /dev/shm is a ramdisk so you might have some quick success using that as your compile destination (easier than rsyncing your source etc, also has the benefit, if you have one, of reducing any wear on an SSD in your machine).
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I do remember reading about doing this with netbeans a while ago.
This article has quite a good guide on doing it in linux.

NetBeans on speed

Currently can't find an article on how to do it in windows, however I know it's possible.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
This might not buy you much.  If you use up memory with your RAM disk, you just going to deprive the OS RAM for virtual memory, and that is going to be causing more frequent page faults and thus potential more writing to the hard disk.


  You could loose your whole soln at any time if your ram looses power.


Element is absolutely right. Your machine could lock up at at any time for whatever reason.
If you do decide to use RAM disk at least have a batch file on your desktop that copies everything to disk, and run it frequently.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
I posted an answer to a similar question previously. As a summary: yes it's possible, I used to do it with my browser (there is a link on how to get it running under linux).

As other people have mentioned if you have a tonne of RAM that stuff will be cached for you anyway, but imo having a ram drive is a bit more explicit than just letting the OS try to deal with it.

If you know that you want 200mb of code in memory all the time then you know you can put in a ram drive and acheive that.

I do wonder however if the OS will cache it twice (once on the ram drive, once itself) if it doesn't know it's on a RAM drive...
    
    
Title: Visual Basic 6 IDE syntax checker problem
Description: 
    
    
                    
The Visual Basic 6.0 IDE checks for syntax errors on-the-fly. Every time it finds a syntax error, it pops up an alert dialog. This feature is driving me crazy, as every time I try to cut and paste in the middle of typing a statement, I have to deal with this pop-up.

Is there any way to disable this on-the-fly syntax checking?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Goto Tools-/pp/p/div
Answer 2: 

    
    
Yes. In the Tools-/ppa href="http://img513.imageshack.us/img513/9809/vbsyntaxcheckdh9.png"/a/p/div
Title: Compile all projects hotkey
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have two projects in a project group that share same units(mostly all).I use both projects in order to test something I've written.

The problem: When I change a unit that is used by both projects and run the current project,the other one uses the old code in that unit(because its not compiled).

The only possibility I know to compile all projects is via the system menu(Projects-/pp/ppkbd/kbdkbd/kbd/p/div
Answer 1: 

    
    
Yeah, Shift+F9 really is convenient.

There isn't a single key sequence to compile all projects in the current project group, but you can get at the menu option by using Alt+P+U
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Install GExperts and assign a hotkey of your choice to the IDE menu item.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I don't know about any hotkey for that, but you can easily add a button to your toolbar that will do this with one click. 

Customizing the toolbar can be invoked via the toolbar's context menu. In the command page search for the corresponding action in the project section and drag it to a convenient place.
    
    
Title: Is there a way to change the default generated code wrapping width in the Delphi IDE Editor?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Now that I have a widescreen monitor, I can't seem to find a way to make the Delphi IDE wrap generated code at anything other than 80 chars.  I've set the "Right margin" setting in the IDE Editor options to a high value, but it doesn't appear to affect the wrapping that happens on generated events and code lines.  Does anyone know of a way to set it? Perhaps a hidden registry setting?  Alternately, are there any IDE addons that do this?  Thanks for any suggestions!
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
In D2007 and up, setting Tools|Options|Editor Options|Display|Right margin to 100 causes the event generated from the Object Inspector to wrap after the 100th character...  

I just tried :

procedure TForm7.AVeryLongMethodNameqwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm(Sender: TObject; Shift: TShiftState;
  MousePos: TPoint; var Handled: Boolean);

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Those events which are inserted using code templates can be modified by editing the template files (they are xml documents in the C:\Program Files\CodeGear\RAD Studio\xxxx\ObjRepos\Code_Templates\Delphi directory)

As far as I know there is no plugin or setting to change where generated code wraps outside of templates.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
For Formatter:


  Tools 
Answer 4: 

    
    
Until the IDE offers a little more flexibility or configuration in this area, one option might be to use a code formatting tool to tidy up the code inserted by the IDE.

Delphi 2010 will come with a highly configurable code formatter "built in", but there are other alternatives available now.  One which comes with an IDE plug-in is the JEDI Code Formatter, and the information pages for that contain references to other alternatives which may be of help even if the JEDI solution itself is not.
    
    
Title: From Visual Studio C++ 6.0 to VS 2008?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I work in a company doing C++ development on VC6, and we're considering a move to VS 2008.

What are the benefits of upgrading? 

What are the cons?

Any guides/steps on migrating project files, or gotchas I should be aware of? Are people ok with moving to the different development interface?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
For me, the biggest reason to upgrade to 2008 is the level of standards compliance in the C++ compiler.  It is vastly improved from VC6 and is capable of using most libraries that you are familiar with or want to use.  Including STL, BOOST and TR1.

The downsides are the normal issues with upgrading.  For example, improved standards compliance means that it may break some of your code which depended on non-standard behavior.  No specific examples come to mind but I'm sure they're out there.  
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
The benefits are:


You will be moving from a 5+ year old compiler which had poor template support to one which is much more up to date and standards compliant.
You will spend less time investigating compilation issues which turn out to be a known problem with the compiler and not a problem with your code.
Widely available C++ literature and documentation will be much more relevant to your compiler.


Cons are:
 - It may take some time, time which might have been otherwise spent for instance adding new functionality to your product.

The biggest issue in porting is likely to be any code you have which is non-compliant yet VC6 allowed to compile. This code may fail to compile on VS2008. I guess also some of the Win32 API's may have changed, likewise for the MFC &amp; ATL classes.

The easiest way to get a feel for the size of the problem is to tackle a single small project which has no dependencies on other VC projects. See how many errors you get and how long it takes to fix them.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
To put things in perspective: VC6 was released way before 2000. It targetted brand-new operating systems like Windows 98 and NT4. By now, those operating systems are retired.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
There are lot of benefits, amongst them is a much mature, advanced and friendly environment.
Besides this, the compiler has improved and needless to say - the STL...
Moreover, all the forums in the web, all the information is much accessible for latest versions of VS rather than older ones. 
The cons and that there is no backwards compatibility. Meaning: once you migrate, you can't open this project in previous versions.
You might have some compilation issues due to the differences between the compilers.
You also might encounter some "include" paths problems, so you might need to do some manual configuration settings.
I highly recommend it. Go for it!
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
MFC and COM are fully supported, at least they are in the professional version.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Many people have mentioned the pros of moving.  I suggest you make the move, but here are two of the biggest annoyances I found:


You need a project file to debug a binary.  In VC6 you can just drag an exe to the VC window and debug it.  In every version after that, you need a project file first.  
Everything is an extra mouse click away.  A lot of menu items were moved one menu level further away which is annoying if you are a mouse junky like me.

    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
TDD support.
    
    
