Title: Php Storm : How can i automate breaking lines in PHPStorm 2.1
Description: 
    
    
                    
How can i automate breaking lines (word wrap) in PHPStorm 2.1?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Automatic wrap example aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa‌aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa : 

This expression has automatic wrap, because I did not press return.

As I understand you want Soft Wraps, when long line is wrapped on screen into multiple lines, but still remains as single line in file.

Soft Wraps

on per file basis
View | Active Editor | Use Soft Wraps

for all files by default
Settings/Preferences | Editor | General | Use soft wraps in editor

Right margin setting

There is also
Settings/Preferences | Editor | Code Style | General --&gt; Wrap when typing reaches right margin

But that's different (it will make actual new line).

UPDATE: In current builds IDE can use separate value for right margin per different "language" -- as long as that language has an entry in Code Style settings.



Also keep in mind that any settings from .editorconfig files (if you have such files in your project and EditorConfig plugin is installed &amp; enabled) will override the same from Code Style settings -- it's the nature of the plugin and not a bug (it meant to work this way).

Using EditorConfig support you can configure certain settings that otherwise may not be possible to do via Code Style (e.g. settings for languages/file types that have no separate Code Style entry).
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    

Open Settings
Type "Use Soft Wraps" in search box
In keymap tab right click on "Use Soft Wraps" and add a custom shortcut


You will be able to toggle them with that shortcut
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
In PhpStorm 2019.1.3 You should add file type you want to make soft wrapping on it

go to Settings -strong/strong
Answer 4: 

    
    
For wrapping text/code line by deafault:
File -
Answer 5: 

    
    
simple:

cmd+F8

You can find the list of shortcut by PhpStorm in menu Help -/p/div
Answer 6: 

    
    
in phpstorm 2016:

Settings/Preferences | Editor | Code Style | General --&gt; default option-&gt; uncheck wrap on typing

    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
To make it automatic

After applying this point:

Use Ctrl + Alt + S to open the settings menu


Select and click Editor
Choose Code Style
Change the default value of the  Hard wrap value to 90 
Go back to CodeStyle and choose any of the language you work with to make specific changes


5.1  I choose HTML and Select Other and i change the value of Hard wrap at 90 and wrap on typing to Yes

5.2  I choose JavaScript and Select Wrapping and Braces and change the Hard wrap at value to 90 and wrap on typing to Yes 


Continue to do it with all other languages you work with 


NB: other languages may be at a default values, change it if is not preferable to you 


Apply and Ok to save the changes 

    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
Using phpstorm 2019.3.4 as well as new and older version :


Use Ctrl + Alt + S to open the settings menu
Select and click Editor
Choose Code Style
Change the default value of the  Hard wrap value to 90 
Apply and save changes
Press Ctrl + A to highlight and select all your codes in the text editor
Press Ctrl + Alt + L to format your code nicely 


Or when using the default settings for Hard wrap at 180 , follow 6 and 7 
    
    
Title: Xcode 11 Won&#39;t Open New Editor Pane
Description: 
    
    
                    
So Xcode 11 changed the way editor panes are added and removed. Ok, fine, I got used to it soon enough. But a few days after using the Xcode 11 GM build, the option to add an editor is suddenly disabled. 

Could be a bug, could be a 'feature' that I've inadvertently triggered. Neither the menu, toolbar button nor shortcut (^⌘T) will give me another editor (though they all did with the same build yesterday). 

Any ideas?



(Note: this screenshot has the Navigator pane hidden for simplicity. Its presence/absence doesn't help with this issue)
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Ok, this is embarrassing. I was in a 'focus' mode and could only add editors after I had 'hidden focus'. There are a few ways to do this:


View 
Title: Java in Visual Studio 2010?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there any way to manage/debug/compile Java projects in Visual Studio 2010?

Before you answer, please read this topic.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I'm a little late to the party, but it looks like someone has started adding support.  From the description, right now it only does syntax highlighting and basic navigation within a single file.  However, in the Q&amp;A section the author mentions plans to add compilation and debugging support later in the year.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
The short answer - No.

The long answer - No, because the supposed intellisense support for Java that the blog entry referred to, in the question, relies on J# support. I believe it has been quite sometime since Microsoft has discontinued J# - VS2008 does not have it.

In the long run, you're better off learning how to use Eclipse/Netbeans/IntelliJ IDEA or any other IDE for the purpose of managing Java projects.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Sure. Visual Studio works with any language so long as someone takes the time to write the plug-ins for it. Heck, Mainsoft has already added JVM debugging support to Visual Studio. They just don't support the language.

The only problem is YOU are going to have to be the one who writes it. 

I won't lie to you. It won't be easy and fan-boys on both sides will hate you for it. But if you pull it off I can at least offer you some money to write about how you did it.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
No, although, I long for the day when VS might possibly support building Java applications. I don't think I have yet found an IDE as fully featured. Personally, if VS supported Java development, then I would trash my installation of Eclipse and Netbeans. ... so tired of wonky Java IDEs....
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Cyberduck is written in Java and developed in Visual Studio 2010, though it requires IKVM, an implementation of Java for Mono and the Microsoft .NET Framework.  Here are the build instructions.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
C++ syntax highlighting looks pretty good for Java.  Turn this on in Options-
Answer 7: 

    
    
I will advise to go for Eclipse, if you have to do at least 25% Java coding. Otherwise VS is good as well. But I like Eclipse for C++ as well as Java.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
A new plugin is currently being developed named IntegraStudio, 
aiming at full Java development under VS. It currently supports:


IntelliSense for Java (comparable to standard C++ IntelliSense in VS)
build with Ant or Maven
direct Ant / Maven project view in Solution Explorer
Java debugger with container visualization
support for VS browsing features (Class View, Code definition, etc.)
Class View works also for classes in JARs (including standard library)
browsing Maven repositories
JDK: 1.6 - 1.8


It uses standard JDK tools and targets the real Java platform (it
is not a .NET platform solution, as VJ# was).

At the moment of writing this, the IntegraStudio plugin is beta.

It does not yet contain advanced Eclipse features, however many
of them are in current roadmap (e.g. code refactorings and quick fixes). 

You can find it on Visual Studio gallery:

http://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/588fb167-d18c-4e61-8aeb-30baeddb00da

The product official website is:

http://www.softerg.com/integra

Current docs (with large number of screenshots):

http://www.softerg.com/integra/docs/pages/is_intro.htm
    
    
Title: Stop default Autocomplete behavior when hitting spacebar in Visual Studio 2015
Description: 
    
    
                    
NOTE The keyword here is "default".  I know I can hit escape and the default behavior gets aborted.  I don't want to hit the escape key every time the IDE thinks it knows what I want.  I didn't have to do this in 2013.

ADDENDUM 2 It seems I'm still having difficulty communicating what I'm after here.  What I want to happen is nothing when I press the space bar... I just want a space character to show up on my screen.  The only time I want the IDE to actually insert a suggestion is when I hit the tab bar.  I hope that's clearer?

This is driving me nuts.  2013 and before allowed you to set completion characters (maybe that was resharper?) but in 2015 I see no way to stop the default behavior of autocomplete.

For example, say I have a class Foo, but I don't have the namespace specified already, yet I have a class FooBar in one of the specified namespaces, if I type:

public void DoSomething(Foo// &lt;-- then a space)


...it automatically puts FooBar.  How the heck do I turn off this behavior?

I should mention that I still want AutoComplete, just on tab though.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Edit -
Answer 2: 

    
    
For all who have the same problem in Visual Studio Code, add this line to the User Settings: 

"editor.acceptSuggestionOnCommitCharacter": false

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
change the setting for Editor: Accept Suggestion On Enter to off
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
If you're using Resharper and Visual studio 2017, you may need to use a combination of the existing answers to stop getting the autocomplete behaviour when pressing space.  This is too long for a comment so added an answer.


Make sure in Visual studio that intellisense Toggle Complete Mode is off/unselected (as noted in other answers). Note: If you turn on the "Text editor" icons in the VS toolbar at the top, you'll see an extra icon that gets highlighted on and off showing you whether intellisense is toggled on or off.
AND 
In the resharper dropdown on the toolbar (Resharper em
Answer 5: 

    
    
I just did this in Visual Studio by going to: 

File strong/strong
Answer 6: 

    
    
If you use Vs2017 and the setting resets everytime you launch Vs, i created a small script that automatically disables space completion at launch using Visual Commander Extension:

enter link description here
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
For the current version of Visual Studio Code (2020), you can change to suggestion mode by going to File &gt; Preferences &gt; Settings and then going to Extensions &gt; TypeScript and then checking TypeScript: Disable Automatic Type Acquisition. Or, after going to Settings, you can search for &quot;Type Acquisition&quot; in &quot;Search Settings&quot; and then check TypeScript: Disable Automatic Type Acquisition.
    
    
Title: How do I delete a Git remote branch from the NetBeans IDE? [duplicate]
Description: 
    
    
                        
            
        
            
                
                    
                        This question already has answers here:
                        
                    
                
            
                    
                        How do I delete a Git branch locally and remotely?
                            
                                (40 answers)
                            
                    
                Closed 6 years ago.
        


    

How do I delete a Git remote branch?

I work with NetBeans, and I tried to delete a remote branch from IDE, but on the delete branch it deleted only locally.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can also use



git push origin --delete &lt;yourBranchName&gt;

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
$ git push origin :name-of-your-branch

    
    
Title: How to run make in vim and open results in a split window?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I use vim for coding. When I have to compile the current file, Currently I use :!g++ % &amp;&amp; ./a.out or :make.
The errors/output displayed are gone when I press enter and get back to the file. I wish the errors and output are displayed in a vertical split by the side. It would be nice if output and error streams are in separate buffers. How can this be done? 
Errors and Output buffer(s) should be updated when I compile again and it should not create new buffers.
How can do this? some vim pluggin/function? or a oneliner :P?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
oneliner: 

:make | copen


See http://vimdoc.sourceforge.net/htmldoc/quickfix.html#quickfix-window
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
If you want compile and run if compile succeeded. (i.e !g++ % &amp;&amp; ./a.out )

Create a shells script with the following line,

g++ $1 -o /tmp/a.out &amp;&amp; /tmp/a.out

Now set the makeprg like this.
set makeprg=compileNrun.sh\ %

Cannot set the whole command directly as makeprg because of &amp;&amp;.
If set in makeprg directly, the above command will be expanded to,

!g++ file.C -o /tmp/a.out &amp;&amp; /tmp/a.out 2&gt;&amp;1 | tee /tmp/errorFile

Hence compilation errors wont be redirected to the error file if compilation failed ;P as &amp;&amp; takes precedence over |
    
    
Title: Eclipse/Git - Pull Failed Dirty Worktree
Description: 
    
    
                    
As the title states, I'm attempting to pull from a git repository that I'm sharing between my friend and I and I can commit, he can commit, but whenever either one of us attempt to pull it brings back that it failed: DIRTY_WORKTREE

Both of us are extremely new to git, and have zero direction on how to fix this issue.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I was able to fix a similar issue by using the git command line client. While eclipse (egit) was only saying DIRTY_WORKTREE, in the command line I saw multiple conflicting files. Using git merge master from the command line, I could easily resolve the conflicts then in eclipse.
So for me this seems to be an egit issue.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Another approach, if you don't have any work in progress, is to try and reset --hard your HEAD.

With EGit: Resetting your current HEAD:


  Select Team -&gt; Reset... on a project. This opens a dialog where you can select a branch or a tag.


Reset HEAD on your current branch, in order to reset index and working tree to the last commit of said branch.

Then try your pull.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I had uncommitted changes. After I committed them, then merged, the dirty worktree issue disappeared.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Just delete the .gitignore present in the project folder, and then merge.
The merge will show conflicts , which you need to resolve and then push the changes.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
It seems to mean that the version you are on now has edits that are not yet committed. So you either have to remove these edits, or commit them. Notice that if you commit them you may get merge conflicts.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
In eclipse I went to Team Synchronizing View and from there right clicked on my project and hit 'overwrite' to overwrite all local changes.  Then retry your merge.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Only to add another case, I've got DIRTY_WORKTREE, I'm the only one commiting to my Github project, so in EGit I did a Push branch... with "Force overwrite of branch on remote if it exists and has diverged"

DANGER: If other are working on the same project, this action will delete their commits since divergence.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
I had similar problem on Eclipse with uncommited changes as ununiform.
After a commited I could merge and everything is back as it should be.
Take a look at your source code and check any changes. If none you can reset hard.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
Delete the affected files and try to pull again. Thereafter push your changes to the git. I has the same issue and this worked for me.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
In my case, the DIRTY_WORKTREE was caused by this sequence:


In a commit, I committed also some files that I should have ignored
In the next commit I modified the .gitignore that ignore the above files
Try to rebase on top of another branch where my change to .gitignore is missing 


In this scenario, Eclipse thinks your working tree is dirty. Indeed, it is not obvious comparing two filesets when one of the two is ignoring some files and the other is not.

To solve the issue in Eclipse, I did the following:


Modify the .gitignore so it is the same as the one in the branch I want to rebase on
Happily start the rebasing or rebasing with merge.

    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
If you have changes without commiting, eclipse will advise you if you try to pull changes. To solve it, you can discard the changes or do the commit of these files.

Source: https://www.eclipse.org/forums/index.php?t=msg&amp;th=890477&amp;goto=1565668&amp;#msg_1565668
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
If you want to override you local branch to the origin branch.

Go to Git repo view
Answer 13: 

    
    
This error is happening when you have made local changes to files that haven't been committed yet. In git's parlance, you have uncommitted changes in your working tree.

When you are in this situation and you try to pull, git is not sure what to do with the local changes you have. Should it discard those and pull the changes from the remote? Should it commit those before pulling the changes from the remote? That's why it fails.

To avoid this problem before you pull changes into your local repository you either have to commit your local changes, stash them, or discard them. Once you don't have pending local changes in your working tree, you should be able to pull with no errors.
    
    
Answer 14: 

    
    
I think this problem is caused by EGit version.
When I used Spring Tools Suite with EGit 2.6, I also faced same problems.

EGit is included in STS Default package, so EGit upgrade is very difficult.

Currently I am using eclipse WTP with EGit 3.7, this problem is disappeared.
    
    
Title: Eclipse workspaces and projects vs IntelliJ projects and modules?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Switching to using IntelliJ for all my coding but am confused by the use of 'projects' and modules in IntelliJ.

Can someone tell me if Eclipse 'projects' is the same as IntelliJ's use of 'project'.

Or is an Eclipse 'workspace' more like an IntelliJ 'project'?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The JetBrains website has this covered.

Migrating From Eclipse to IntelliJ IDEA

The quick answer is an Eclipse Project is equivalent to an IDEA Module. The concept of Project in IDEA is like a Workspace in Eclipse.

Edit:

Also take a look at the eclipse integration page.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
A module is the equivalent of a project in eclipse. 

I got the answer from one of JetBrains' short videos they provide on their site. I found them useful when played at 2X speed, so I could get up to speed on the IDE quickly: https://www.jetbrains.com/idea/documentation/
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I am new to IntelliJ IDEA and have come from Eclipse world. I was initially confused by notion of projects and  modules in IntelliJ IDEA . However after viewing this very useful video Running IntelliJ IDEA for the First Time, my understanding on  has been greatly improved. Basically the projects and modules in  IntelliJ IDEA are equivalent Eclipse workspace and projects. I recommend watching this video if you are new to IntelliJ IDEA
    
    
Title: How can I make auto-complete display a list in Xcode
Description: 
    
    
                    
How can I use auto-complete in Xcode like I can in Visual Studio and Eclipse?  Specifically in VS and Eclipse auto-complete displays a list of choices... while Xcode just displays a single choice.  

For example Xcode might suggest "myVariable" when I type in "myV".  That's fine but what if I have the following objects in the scope of my function:  "myInt1" and "myInt2"?  Xcode will suggest "myInt1" when I type "myI" but I'd like to have a list.  Or it would be great to, say, tab through the various possibilities like in some shells.  So typing "myI" would get the suggestions "myInt1" and then pressing tab would change the suggestion to "myInt2".

Cheers!
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Press the escape key when auto-complete makes the first suggestion.  This will display the list.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
control + space also works in the latest Xcode.
    
    
Title: Best IDE / TextEditor for R [duplicate]
Description: 
    
    
                        
            
        
            
                
                    
                        This question already has answers here:
                        
                    
                
            
                Closed 9 years ago.
        


    


  Possible Duplicate:
  What IDEs are available for R in Linux?
  Recommendations for Windows text editor for R  




Which IDE or TextEditor do you use to write R code?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I've been using Eclipse/StatET.  However, there's a new FLOSS IDE that was released today that looks interesting called RStudio.  It even supports Sweave, so once it becomes more polished I may switch.  User input seemed a little sluggish when I played with it earlier today however.



Update

They have been actively updating RStudio every month or two.  It's been months since I encountered even a minor bug.  And the features added are really useful--seamless package development and native Git support being the two that come to mind.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
This is ultimately a very subjective question, and will depend on your OS, etc.

I prefer Eclipse (StatET) because I use it for all my development and it has many rich features (e.g. SVN integration, Sweave/Latex integration, project management).  If you use Emacs, then ESS is great.  This clearly depends on what you like.  

I used Tinn-R before, but ultimately I prefer to have one IDE for everything, and Eclipse has a much wider general adoption.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I use Eclipse with the StatET plugin.

Pros:


Supports everything you'd expect (syntax highlighting, code folding, etc..) but also has s ome nice R interaction pieces.
You get all the bells and whistles of Eclipse.  For example, we use SVN with our R code and the Subclipse plugin is awesome.  


Cons:


Eclipse is a beast.

    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
My preferred tool on all platforms is the ESS mode for Emacs.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I've been using TINN-R for several years and have been very happy with it. It allows you to highlight portions of your code and click to send it to the interpreter, or send one line at a time or the entire file. 
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I use Jedit along with Romain Francios's edit mode for R (http://romainfrancois.blog.free.fr/index.php?post/2009/03/16/A-better-jedit-edit-mode-for-R).
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I actually use Textmate and enjoy it quite a bit. But I wouldn't recommend adopting Textmate for R, however if you already use Textmate it's fantastic.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
I'm not really familiar with the R-Project but I use PSPad. 

It allows you to organize your (text-)files in a project style fashion.
    
    
Title: how to show Back/Forward buttons in Android Studio 3.0.1 IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
It's quite annoying since upgrading to Android Studio 3.0.1 such that the "Back/Forward" buttons are not displayed in tool bar at the top in IDE any more. I know, I can select "Navigation-/pp/pp/p/div
Answer 1: 

    
    
In my Android Studio 3.0.1 installation, the buttons you seek are already in the main toolbar (see where the red arrow points):



To configure the contents of the toolbars, right-click over an open area in the toolbar panel and choose "Customize Menus and Toolbars..." from the context menu:



That will bring up a dialog where you can see the contents of the main toolbar and manipulate those contents:



In Android Studio 3.3 Canary 13:

Open View and then click Toolbar if it is unchecked. You will now get your toolbar with back and forward navigate buttons.



Best of Luck!
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Click on "View" option in android studio(in top bar) and then click on "Toolbar" option.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
For me it was simply going to the View tab and make sure Toolbar is checked. Voila! Friendly arrows back.
credit to @cro comment how to show Back/Forward buttons in Android Studio 3.0.1 IDE
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
In Windows, just go to View
Answer 5: 

    
    
From Android Studio 4.0 you can go at the menu: View -&gt; Appearance -&gt; Toolbar
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Let use shortcut, if you use Ubuntu Linux, go setting --code/code
Title: Intellij idea darcula theme font size disabled
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have the following situation:

I started to use Intellij Idea as the main ide and I am also using Darcula theme. I like everything about it except the annoying small font and annoying line spacing. However, when I try to change those values like with any other theme, I am not able to do that, because both font size and line spacing fields are disabled.

Do you know how to modify Intellij idea's darcula theme default font size?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Save current theme as Your theme, then you will be able to change font size and other options in code editor.
Also if you want change GUI's fonts mark checkbox "Override default font by" in Appearance section.
    
    
Title: Is it possible to configure CLion to compile source files in a project independently?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am currently doing some Project Euler challenges in C using the JetBrains CLion IDE. When I completed these in Python and Java (in PyCharm and IntelliJ, respectively), I was always able to create a single project named "ProjectEuler" and add any number of source files that I could execute independently. However, it seems the same isn't possible in CLion. Each of the source files I use to solve a problem contains a main() function, and CMake is unhappy about that everytime I attempt to compile ("multiple definition of 'main'").

Is there a way to configure CLion to only compile and execute a single source file in a project at a time without having to rewrite my CMakeLists.txt or create a new project for every problem everytime? 

I'm aware that C is compiled and not interpreted like Java or Python, but I could conceivably just compile every single source file manually. Is there a way to configure CLion to do the same? If so, how?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You could define multiple executables in the CMakeLists.txt for each problem.

instead of 

add_executable(projecteuler ${SOURCE_FILES})


you could define

add_executable(problem1 problem1.c)
add_executable(problem2 problem2.c)


Then you get for each executable (problem1, problem2 etc.) a run configuration, which you can run independently. In this case you won't have to rewrite every time, instead you just add the new source file to a new executable.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Even I was facing the same problem, it's a tiring job to edit CMake file and add executable every time. So I found a solution to this,

There is a plugin which does it seamlessly for you.

Just add this plugin to your CLion and whichever file you want to make is executable right click and add it as Executable,

It will automatically edit your CMake file.

Link:

https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/8352-c-c--single-file-execution
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You can use

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 2.8.4)

add_subdirectory(src/prj1)
add_subdirectory(src/prj2)


then in each directory create an other CMakeLists.txt like this one :

cmake_minimum_required(VERSION 2.8.4)
project(prj1)

set(EXEC_NAME prj1)

set(SOURCE_FILES
    main_prj1.cpp
    x.cpp
    y.cpp
)

set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS "${CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS} -std=c++11")

set(EXECUTABLE_OUTPUT_PATH ../../dist/${CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE})

add_executable(${EXEC_NAME} ${SOURCE_FILES})


You can use file(GLOB SOURCE_FILES *.cpp) if you want to automatically add files in your compilation. But keep in mind that this "trick" is strongly not encouraged.  

This will also automatically add build configurations to CLion.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
You can add these lines to your CMakeLists.txt .

    #GLOB_RECURSE will find files in all subdirectories that match the globbing expressions and store it into the variable.
    file(GLOB_RECURSE APP_SOURCES *.c)
    foreach (testsourcefile ${APP_SOURCES})
        #get filename without extension
        get_filename_component(testname ${testsourcefile} NAME_WE)
        #add executable for all file
        add_executable(${testname} ${testsourcefile})
    endforeach (testsourcefile ${APP_SOURCES})


You will have to reload cmake project (Tools -code/code/p/div
Answer 5: 

    
    
After adding executables in CMakeLists.txt for each source file one must reload the file by pressing Reload button on upper right corner and then set run debug configuration to that source file name which he wants to run.
    
    
Title: What are the advantages of IntelliJ over Eclipse? [duplicate]
Description: 
    
    
                        
            
        
            
                
                    
                        This question already has answers here:
                        
                    
                
            
                    
                        Things possible in IntelliJ that aren&#39;t possible in Eclipse?
                            
                                (41 answers)
                            
                    
                Closed 6 years ago.
        


    

I have been working with Eclipse for quite some time and recently got several recommendations to use IntelliJ.

As I just saw that questions of the format of "Which IDE is better?" are frowned upon (not without a good reason) - I wanted to know objectively what are the advantages of IntelliJ over Eclipse.

I know what Eclipse does and frankly I'm not missing anything. But this is exactly what I said about Visual Studio 2005 (C#) before starting to work on Eclipse - and now I can't even write a Hello World in VS without getting annoyed ... 

I'll narrow the question down to the world of Java SE and Java EE only. No Android, no GUI. 

I'm looking for:
What does IntelliJ give me that Eclipse lacks?
What does Eclipse give me that IntelliJ lacks?

Try to be objective, and please only answer if you had substantial experience with both tools. 

Thanks.

Edit: The scope of work I'm looking for is both for working on private projects and as part of a team of several developers working on the same product. But if I have to choose - I'll focus on teams only.
JUnit is a crucial part of the work (personally I started working in TDD several months ago - but lets not open that).
I'll also be interested to know about ANT/Maven related benefits if there are - although my prime motives are to know if I can benefit from things like: Quicker development (e.g. code generation, templates, auto complete etc.), Easier AUT, simpler Java EE application deployment during development (for UT) etc.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
For me there are two points:


Refactorings (IntelliJ is great in the refactorings it provides)
Plugin stability, I've always found that when I have a stable install of Eclipse, I get a new plugin and everything comes down in flames and I have to reinstall everything.

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    

  IntelliJ allows me to navigate between Java, JSP, JS, CSS and pretty
  must every other type of file. With Eclipse I need to install a plugin
  to be able to navigate through file types other than Java.


@Rachel. Hmmm. In Eclipse Ctrl-Shift-R (on mac Command-Shift-R), open up "Open Resource" dialog where you can type whatever you want and it will match ANY file, not just Java. Ctrl-Shift-T will do the same, but limit it only to Java types.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
This is the keymap of IntelliJIDEA.

Just read this article and you able to doing amazyng features with IntelliJ which you do not even dream of in Eclipse. For me, the most useful are Ctrl-Y , Ctrl-Enter, Ctrl-Alt-T, Shift-F6 and auto-completion.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Code navigation. (being able to find method and field declarations and usages.)

We have a J2EE project at work where both IntelliJ and Eclipse are in use so I have been able to compare the abilities of both.

IntelliJ allows me to navigate between Java, JSP, JS, CSS and pretty must every other type of file. With Eclipse I need to install a plugin to be able to navigate through file types other than Java. 
    
    
Title: Accessing Android Studio properties window?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have recently started using Android Studio and cannot work out how to access the properties window.

The following screenshot was taken from Google and shows exactly what I'm trying to access denoted by the red rectangle around the properties window.



Can anyone please tell me how I can access this?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Switch to design view. Click "Design" tab at bottom-left work area.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
In the new Android Studio Version 3.1.2, the name of the Propierties Windows is "Attributes".

Look at this picture:
Attributes basic view
And, if you want to see the complete attributes, simply click on "View all attributes":
Attributes full view

How to restore windows?:
restore windows
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I had the same issue than found that the properties window was always there but I had to drag it out with my mouse.  Just go to the far right vertical bar in Design mode then drag to the right when your mouse turns into horizontal arrows pointing away from each other.  Hope this helps!
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    


You can just click on the design tab on your screen (at the left bottom corner below your code text window) and just click on anything whose property you want to change

make sure you are in the '.xml' file
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I accidentally deleted the properties side bar and Window--/p/div
Answer 6: 

    
    
Follow the doc.

Instead of editing your view properties in XML, you can do so from the Properties window (on the right side of the Layout Editor). This window is available only when the design editor is open, so be sure you've selected the Design tab at the bottom of the window.
When you select a view, the Properties window shows the following, as indicated in figure 5:
View inspector with controls for width/height style, margins, and bias (available only for views in a ConstraintLayout). For more information, see Build a Responsive UI with ConstraintLayout.

    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
This happens all the time, to my opinion Android team should see as an improvement opportunity, here is the solution, click on the settings (gear symbol) on the right make sure that the attached side is set to None. also -See screen shot-&gt; 1,
You have three ways to see the fields, design mode, split mode and code mode. THE ONLY ONE THAT shows the Attribute bar is on the SPLIT MODE, click on the Attribute see screenshot-&gt;

if that does not work, you can go to Windows -&gt; Restore default Layout
if that still does not work you can do File -&gt; Manage IDE Settings -&gt; Restore Default Settings.
if that still does not work you can go in file explorer and delete the .android studio folder  in C\users[your user].Androidstudio#.#
Hope this helps someone out there...

    
    
Title: In eclipse, how to display inherited members in Outline view?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Typing Ctrl+O twice in editor when a java type is selected pops-up an outline context dialog that displays the members &amp;&amp; inherited members. How can I have this in the main outline view?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Looks like you can't do it.

Maybe you should file it as an improvement request.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
right click -/pp/p/div
Answer 3: 

    
    
This is currently (Eclipse 3.6 Helios) not possible in outline view, but you can achieve similiar functionality through "Type Hierarchy" view:


Assuming you have opened a class that you want to inspect
Press F4 - this will open the "Type Hierarchy" view for that class
"Type hierarchy" view is divided to two parts - an upper one which contains the hierarchy itself and the lower one, which contains members of the selected class
In the lower view you can set the filter to show also all inherited members (a button with hint "Show All Inherited members")


Personally I belive that same filter should be available even in the outline view, but at least it is somewhere ;)
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
There is a feature request already, but there are not enough votes for it...

https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=8625
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
You should try Type Hierarchy.
Right Click the class and Open Type Hierarchy.
There are so many option look for Show all inherited members.
It can be found at the lover section of the Type Hierarchy Widget.
    
    
Title: Eclipse 3.5 Unable to install plugins
Description: 
    
    
                    
I really don't know what's going on with Eclipse 3.5 (3.5.0 or 3.5.1, same issues), but it's been now 2 days that I'm struggling with Eclipse to find a way to make the plugins installation work via the "Install New Software screen"!!! I have visited a lot of forums and blogs, tried many solutions but in vain: each time the current problem disappears and a new one appears.

I'm trying to make it work at my office, so behind proxy. The best advice I got so far is the one regarding the known issue with NTLM proxies: http://wiki.eclipse.org/ECF_Filetransfer_Support_for_NTLMv2_Proxies. I put in place the hint, but now I have a new error message: Eclipse cannot find the repositories at all... For instance here is what I get now with the Galileo update site itself:

org.eclipse.equinox.internal.provisional.p2.core.ProvisionException: No repository found at http://download.eclipse.org/releases/galileo.
    at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.p2.repository.helpers.AbstractRepositoryManager.fail(AbstractRepositoryManager.java:380)
    at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.p2.repository.helpers.AbstractRepositoryManager.loadRepository(AbstractRepositoryManager.java:606)
    at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.p2.metadata.repository.MetadataRepositoryManager.loadRepository(MetadataRepositoryManager.java:92)
    at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.p2.metadata.repository.MetadataRepositoryManager.loadRepository(MetadataRepositoryManager.java:88)
    at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.provisional.p2.ui.operations.ProvisioningUtil.loadMetadataRepository(ProvisioningUtil.java:88)
    at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.provisional.p2.ui.QueryableMetadataRepositoryManager.doLoadRepository(QueryableMetadataRepositoryManager.java:55)
    at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.provisional.p2.ui.QueryableRepositoryManager.loadRepository(QueryableRepositoryManager.java:195)
    at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.provisional.p2.ui.QueryableRepositoryManager.loadAll(QueryableRepositoryManager.java:108)
    at org.eclipse.equinox.internal.p2.ui.sdk.PreloadingRepositoryHandler$2.run(PreloadingRepositoryHandler.java:71)
    at org.eclipse.core.internal.jobs.Worker.run(Worker.java:55)


Samething with http://download.eclipse.org/eclipse/updates/3.5, or http://download.eclipse.org/tools/mylyn/update/e3.4/ and whatever the site: no one works.

Please somebody help!

PS: Some more details below:

I have the same issue with third party software too... for instance: http://www.epic-ide.org/updates/testing/site.xml.... same error message.

If I go to Preferences 
Answer 1: 

    
    
We had tons of issues here, namely with the proxy support.
We ended-up using Pulse: http://www.poweredbypulse.com/

Pulse has built-in support for a few plugin, however, you can add third-party plugin and even local jar file quite easily.

Strangely it does not always use the built-in Eclipse feature, so sometimes when Eclipse become difficult ( like in our case for the proxy business ), you can work-around it with Pulse.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Use the following setting and you will be all set.
Go to Window --
Answer 3: 

    
    
Couple of weeks ago I stumbled upon a Problem with Java and a MySQL-Connection. The Problem being that no Connection could be established. Anyway, the fix was to add -Djava.net.preferIPv4Stack=true to the command line.

I just added the same line to eclipse.ini and as it turns out, it also fixes this issue for me. The option name is pretty self-explainitory: It prefers the IPv4 stack over the IPv6 stack. So this solution may not be viable for everyone.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I had a similar problem setting up eclipse in the office.
I had set up the for HTTP, HTTPS and SOCKS in:

Window
Answer 5: 

    
    
I had a similar problem setting up eclipse.

I changed: NATIVE connection to MANUAL and cleared the proxy settings for SOCKS in Windows -/strongcode/codestrong
Answer 6: 

    
    
I had similar problem. I changed Direct connection to Native and it worked. 

Preferences → General →  Network Connections.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Have you read this post?

http://eclipsewebmaster.blogspot.ch/search?q=wow-what-a-painful-release-this-was-is

Maybe it explains, why it was kinda difficult the last days.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
I had to turn off my personal firewall and Windows firewall as well, and it worked in the end.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
i fought with eclipse 3.5.0 (galileo) for days, i had to use this version because I am doing blackberry development and eclipse comes bundle with blackberry specifics so i need to use
the package they bundled, which was not 3.5.0 (not the 3.5.1) , BUT
SirFabel  saved the day, thanks to all who contributed to this post

I used 3.5.0 and did 
"Set the following system property in you eclipse.ini file: -Dorg.eclipse.ecf.provider.filetransfer.excludeContributors=org.eclipse.ecf.provider.filetransfer.httpclient For more details on this: wiki.eclipse.org/… - Configure only the HTTP and HTTPS proxies. Not SOCKS!!  "

and I am able to get through my companies proxy!!!!
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
Just to add to this as I have had problems with an install of eclipse on my machine.

Specs: Win 7 x64 on macbook pro. The broken eclipse was galileo, and 1 of 4 installations on my machine at the time - the others were all working.

I was not running proxy, so above solution in the question did not work.

I found an answer that said to get updates for eclipse, and that would fix things. I tried this, and eclipse said there were no updates, but then for some reason I can't understand, my plugins could now install.

... more anecdotal evidence of a problem, and a possible solution, however strange ...
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
Its the Windows OS that make the problem. I got the same problem. Then I tried some other app which use JavaVM to connect the internet, and they fails. Try update JRE, you will notice it. If JRE cannot update itself, then there is some socket inaccessibility that prevent internet access apart from using native windows API.
I reinstall Win7 and it fixed the problem.
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
finally I got eclipse 3.7 working behind company firewall. I set to true "java.net.useSystemProxies" option on file "net.properties" located on "C:\Program Files\Java\jre6\lib" (this path could be different for your JRE installation). After that,set Active provider to Native on Eclipse preferences. No need to provide any proxy details anywhere, it just pick it up  from system default browser settings
    
    
Answer 13: 

    
    
I meet the same questions in 3.7 on ubuntu 12.04.
My Os use a proxy 127.0.0.1,and the eclipse use another proxy 192.168.1.1.

I read the .log for info. It says 
!MESSAGE System property http.proxyHost is set to 127.0.0.1 but should be 192.168.1.1.

so I change the eclipse net work setting to the same as the system .
At last,it works.
    
    
Answer 14: 

    
    
I also faced the same problem while working with eclips Neon. It got fixed after editing the .ini file with following content:

&gt;    -Dhttp.proxyPort=8080

&gt;    -Dhttp.proxyHost=myproxy

&gt;    -Dhttp.proxyUser=mydomain\myusername

&gt;    -Dhttp.proxyPassword=mypassword

&gt;    -Dhttp.nonProxyHosts=localhost|127.0.0.1

&gt;    -Djava.net.preferIPv4Stack=true


Note: Sometime it may also caused due to the issue with your Network configuration and device. So conform first that your windows firewall is allowing to connect your eclips to the outer world (internet). (Turn off the windows firewall for the instance of time that your computer take to install the file).
    
    
Answer 15: 

    
    
In my eclipse Luna  faced the same issue because of this URL https://sourceforge.net/projects/restfulplugin/files/site/ 

So i just Disabled  the URL that was Shown in the Error From the Available Software Sites.

You may Check the URL or Try with the Updated URL reg to that Exception :)
    
    
Answer 16: 

    
    
I was getting the error while trying to connect for updates.
Just did as in the above answer - 

Window-strong/strong
Answer 17: 

    
    
There is no need of doing such hectic stuffs. Find in your system where there is "SDK Manager".(incase of windows). Suppose your sdk manager is in E:\Android-9. Go to that path double click the SDK manager ;it will automatically start to download from 
https://dl-ssl.google.com/../.. 

Initially you will se it is failing. On the window that appears there will be 'settings' menu. Click on that set the proxy and port. and it will start downloading.

The solution in one sentence is "Don't use eclipse for the download;directly use Android sdk manager and your problem is resolved". Let me know if you have any futhur queries on this issue.
    
    
Title: DataGrip added value compared to IntelliJ IDEA
Description: 
    
    
                    
So, I was wondering if there is really some new features coming from JetBrains DataGrip software.

So far, I didn't find anything that is not already there in IntelliJ IDEA (Ultimate). I didn't spend much time using it though.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
In 2016.3 there's a feature that is DataGrip specific


  Tracking database changes
  
  If there are lots of changes in many places, you can see all of them
  from the Database Changes window. Important! This window is available
  only in DataGrip, but not in other IntelliJ-based IDE's.


https://www.jetbrains.com/datagrip/whatsnew/
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I am Max, the PMM of DataGrip.

We usually say that DataGrip provides the same functionality as all the other IDE's from JetBrains with the database support. As mentioned above, DataGrip provides better user experience as a standalone IDE.

OBSOLETTE:

Indeed, DataBase changes is the toolwindow which is available only in DataGrip. It lets you look at changes you are going to apply to source codes of various objects like views, procs etc.
It is a minor difference, that's why we say "the same" to keep things simple.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
From FAQ part from this blog.


  Does DataGrip repeat the functionality of the database tools in other JetBrains IDEs?
  
  Yes, the first version focuses on that core functionality.


Further dialog from comments:


  Graham says:
  
  December 16, 2015 at 10:01 pm
  
  This repeats the functionality in Intellij, but does it add any more features over and above Intellij? If they are equal right now, will that always be the case? Would be nice to see a feature comparison chart.
  
  
  
  Reply
  
  Andrey Cheptsov says:
  
  December 17, 2015 at 8:03 am
  
  The latest version of IntelliJ IDEA Ultimate includes the functionality of DataGrip 1.0. Still, DataGrip is focused on working with databases and SQL and thus may provide better user experience as a standalone IDE.

    
    
Title: Efficient usage of WebStorm IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've recently fallen in love in WebStorm as an IDE for JavaScript development. The problem is, I come from a world of vim and lightweight editors, so I probably can't fully appreciate all the power that comes with IDE. Yes, I've seen the presentations and read the docs, but there's a lot of features and I'm not sure which of them are truly useful.

So, here goes my question: how do you use WebStorm and what do you find most useful? Any power-usage tips? Configuration hacks? Plugins worth mentioning?

I'm not looking for a list of features, I'm looking for a real-world usage examples and impressions.

PS. I work mostly with pure JS + Canvas element and some NodeJS.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Some random thoughts, maybe more later....

In the help, definitely read the Basic Concepts and skim the WebStorm Usage Guidelines for actions that you care about.

Learn to use  Ctrl-Shift-A. It allows you to 1uickly find actions you can do by typing part of them. With that you can find anything once you know it exists.

WebStorm's (like IntelliJ) best magic is its code completion and refactoring features, which come from its code parsing and awareness. It figures a lot of stuff out, but you can help it out by making you have good source files. Put the commented versions of the libraries you use in your project so it can use those comments to display in the doc popups (just having them in the directory is all you need).

Be sure to leave the tips on.

Their forums are useful, but if you have a problem or feature request put it right into youtrack.com. They are much more responsive there. You can also vote for the stuff you want added.

And if you haven't seen it yet, there is a VIM plugin which will give you VIM editor keys, called IdeaVim.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Features I find most useful:


Code formatting. WebStorm's formatter is the best I've seen (of course, it still has some subtle bugs).
Built-in HTTP server: http://blog.jetbrains.com/webstorm/2013/03/built-in-server-in-webstorm-6/, How to open/debug current file using built-in Web server in WebStorm?
JsTestDriver integration.
Plugins. You can always find something useful.

    
    
Title: Re-enable &ldquo;component tree&rdquo; in Android Studio
Description: 
    
    
                    
After updating to the last version (1.4 Beta 2) in Android Studio, the "component view" in the layout editor disappeared. How can I enable this tool again?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
If you are looking for the component tree, go on the bottom left of Android Studio then click on the square (the one who show/hide the tool on the left, bottom and right) then on Designer. A new tab should be on the right part of android studio, with gradle and maver project.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I lost mine too, and then realized that they just moved it to the left side of the screen in the latest Android Studio 2.2 Beta 2.  It took me a good 10 mins to find it.  
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
A simple way of doing this --code/code
Answer 4: 

    
    

Close Android Studio;
Open [PROJECT_PATH]/.idea/workspace.xml
Search for "PropertiesComponent" 
In this xml node, erase this 2 lines:

&lt;property name="UI_DESIGNER_EDITOR_MODE.UIDesignerToolWindowManager2.WIDTH" value="1" /&gt;
&lt;property name="UI_DESIGNER_EDITOR_MODE.UIDesignerToolWindowManager2.STATE" value="left" /&gt;



For some reason, the width of ComponentTree was set to something almost invisible, and this was what worked for me.

If this doesnt work, just replace the whole node:

    &lt;component name="PropertiesComponent"&gt;
         &lt;property name="settings.editor.selected.configurable" value="gradle.compiler" /&gt;
         &lt;property name="settings.editor.splitter.proportion" value="0.2" /&gt;
    &lt;/component&gt;

    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
It's now called Structure on the left panel. I am using 


Android Studio 3.0.1
Build #AI-171.4443003, built on November 9, 2017
JRE: 1.8.0_152-release-915-b01 amd64
JVM: OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM by JetBrains s.r.o
Windows 7 6.1



See my snapshot below:

    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
In Android Studio 3.2.1, I too momentarily lost the Component hierarchy view. This could be a bug, where when you switch to XML mode, and then tap on the preview button on top right, it takes you to the preview mode, but the pallette, component hierarchy, etc remain hidden. To remedy, this, go back to XML mode, in the bottom you can see two tabs, namely Design and Text, tap on the 'Design'. Now you should be seeing the palette, component hierarchy and also the preview. Check the following images for illustration.






    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Close your XML File, and re-open it! That's it!
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
You just need to change the device


    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
click on the Windows and select Restore Default Layout, close and reopen the activity. The Palette and the component 3 will come auto
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
I had encountered this problem after moved the project location to some other folder. I tried to clean up the workspace.xml and .idea folder. But Failed. I just closed the project and imported the project once again. It worked for me!!!
    
    
Title: Why is the word `false` written blue and the word `FALSE` written purple in Visual Studio?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Why does Visual Studio change the word color depending on the way it is entered:

false with blue, but FALSE with purple.
true with blue but TRUE with purple.

Is there any difference in the meaning of them and if yes what is it?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
true and false are keywords in C++ so your IDE (not the compiler) is painting them blue.

TRUE and FALSE are often defined by various headers, primarily for compatibility with C and older C++ compilers where true and false are not keywords.

As for their equivalence, the C++ standard does not define sizeof(true) and sizeof(false) to be 1 but they will be the same as sizeof(bool). Footnote 69 for C++ standard:


  sizeof(bool) is not required to be 1.


You'll probably find that sizeof(TRUE) and sizeof(FALSE) are sizeof(int) since TRUE and FALSE are often defined as int types, but it would be unwise to assume this.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
false is a keyword in C++; it's blue for the same reason for is blue. FALSE is a preprocessor macro declared by the Windows API; it's purple for the same reason MYFILE_H_DEFINED is purple. If you go into the editor preferences for C++, you'll see the colors MSVC is using for different identifiers.

Incidentally, TRUE and FALSE are WinAPI-specific and are a throwback to C, and should not be used except when communicating with the WinAPI.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
The syntax highlighting is just for the user so you can understand that the word you typed in is a keyword for the language. Every language has their own set of keywords.

Just to clarify, that is not the 'compiler' changing the color. That is visual studio doing that for you. Based on the the extension of the file. I.e (.cpp .java .py .js) the software will change for different words.

The capital TRUE and FALSE are specific to Windows API (more specifically--macros), and as for the lower case, it is specific to c++ language. 
    
    
Title: Reading files with Intellij idea IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am a long time eclipse user and I have started to play around with IntelliJ IDEA.

So from my understanding, a project in IntelliJ is the same as the Eclipse workspace. Additionally, a module in IntelliJ is the equivalent of a project in Eclipse.

I created a project in IntelliJ, but I’m still not sure why there is a src folder in it if it is supposed to be a workspace.

Afterwards, I created a module in the project and a class inside the src directory of the new module with this code:

import java.io.File;
import java.io.FileNotFoundException;
import java.util.Scanner;

public class MainClass {
    public static void main(String[] args) throws FileNotFoundException {
        System.out.println("Hello World!");
        Scanner input = new Scanner(new File ("test123.txt"));
        String answer = input.nextLine();
        System.out.println(answer);
    }
}


The problem is that I get an error trying to read the file. I tried putting the .txt file inside my src file which is located inside the module and outside the src directory but inside the module. But in both cases the file is not found. Yes the code works, I tried it on Eclipse and it works fine. The file name is spelled correctly as well.

Here is a picture of my project/workspace if it is helpful:


    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Just move the file directly to the project folder which calls Java (and something under the blue-blurred stripe you made :P).

If that doesn't help, then move the test123.txt file to FirstJavaProgram directory.

You can also change filename to one of these:


src/test123.txt
FirstJavaProgram/src/test123.txt


I am not sure which one will be fine in your case.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Use the full path of the file instead.

Right click on your file in your project, select "Copy Path", and paste that in to the path of your file.

EDIT:  You could also use a relative path for your file.  If your file is located in resources/, then you could use the form ./resources/yourfile.txt.

├── resources
│   └── test123.txt
└── src
    ├── MainClass.java

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Yesterday I met the same trouble as you.

change the setting of IDEA.
run-
Answer 4: 

    
    
create directory "files" make all files inside this directory.
Select the directory and click right select -
Answer 5: 

    
    
Instructions


Simply right-click on your project directory (the very top folder), 
then select "New /li/olpa href="https://i.stack.imgur.com/vrAJh.png" rel="nofollow noreferrer"img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/vrAJh.png" alt="enter image description here"/a/polli
Answer 6: 

    
    

Run code/code/lilicode/codeullicode/code/li/ul/li/olp/p/div
Answer 7: 

    
    
u need to specify complete path inside quotes something like this--&gt;

import java.io.File;
import java.io.FileNotFoundException;
import java.util.Scanner;

public class Application {
    public static void main(String[] args) throws FileNotFoundException {
        File file = new File("E:\\coding\\ProcessingFiles\\src\\myfile.txt");
        Scanner input = new Scanner(file);
        while (input.hasNextLine()){
            String line = input.nextLine();
            System.out.println(line);
        }
        input.close();

    }
}

    
    
Title: How do I get a code window to split vertically in Visual Studio 2008? (not HTML mode)
Description: 
    
    
                    
In Visual Studio 2008, it seems that Window -/strongstrong
Answer 1: 

    
    
Ok, I found the solution here.

The answer is:


Window -/lili
Answer 2: 

    
    
I believe that it's not CodeRush's fault.  A vanilla 2008 install only lets you do the split view with one file on the top and one file on the bottom.  The only side-by side option is the horizontal tab-group feature (with the problem of only having a file open in one of them, as you mentioned.)

The obvious workarounds would be to either make a read-only copy of the file elsewhere and use that in one tab-group, or open up a second instance of VS.  It does have decent handling of files that get changed in other apps, so having the same file open in two instances isn't a problem.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
In VS2010 I couldn't find the Vertical Tab group button.  The workaround is:  

1. Open Fullscreen mode
2. Click and drag the window to the far right (or left) and it should give  
   you an option to view both windows side by side.
3. Exit full screen mode and you should now have the ability to click and  
     drag windows between vertical tab groups, and it even now allows you to  
     drag to a new vertical tab group.


No idea why you have to jump into fullscreen first, and i seem to remember not having to do that before.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
As a one-time developer on CodeRush, I doubt that this would be caused by CodeRush Xpress. I'm currently running the latest beta of CodeRush 9.1.0 on Visual Studio 2008, and splits are working fine. However, you could certainly try uninstalling CodeRush Xpress to see if that clears up the problem. If it does, I would recommend posting in DevExpress' peer-to-peer forums.

alt text http://diditwith.net/content_images/CRXSplits.png
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I like the vertical tab group option.  The only thing that bothers me about it is that I cannot put the solution explorer on both windows (Or properties for that matter).  I have to navigate all on one side and move screens around.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I found this nifty add on tool for VS 2012 that allows you to compare two files at the same time and make changes. 

Check this out:
    
    
Title: Emacs key binding in Eclipse IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am an Emacs lover probably because I love the key binding and I am able to do things very quickly.   I also use Eclipse IDE for my Java/Android/Python/ development because it is free, most of my peers use it, and it works.   I find myself switching between emacs and Eclipse and the workflow just isn't great.  What I would like to do is setup the key bindings in Eclipse so that they are like Emacs.  

Can someone suggest the best Eclipse plugin I could use for this. Or can anyone talk about how they've used Eclipse to be more Emacs like.  Thanks in advance
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I have to second the recommendation of Emacs+. I've been using and loving Emacs since the dawn of time and the key bindings and functionality of Emacs are hard-wired into my fingers and brain by now. Before Emacs+ came along, I found Eclipse to be a complete bear to use, as years of muscle memory and knowing how to get things done without even thinking about it, were not only useless in Eclipse, but in fact detrimental.

Emacs+ has fixed all of this for me. Now using Eclipse is nearly as seamless as using Emacs, plus I get all the features of a modern IDE. It's practically the best of all worlds. The only thing I still really miss from Emacs is M-q filling of "//" comments.

I should also point out that this is far more than a simple set of key-bindings. It faithfully reproduces a lot of subtle Emacs behavior that you take for granted, until it's not there.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
No plugin needed for basic Emacs keybindings!

Go to

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Windows → Preferences → General → Keys

and select Emacs scheme.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

It won't provide all Emacs commands (obviously) but it covers the things you can't live without such as navigation, selection, cutting / pasting etc.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
First try turning on the Emacs key bindings in your key preferences. If that doesn't give you all that you need, then you might try installing the Emacs+ plugin. Of course, if you have any elisp customizations, I think you might be out-of-luck.

Personally, I always prefer to just learn editor-centric way to do things so that I am not helpless when I sit at someone else's computer.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
The Emacs+ plugin does a good bit better job providing Emacs keys than the standard Eclipse install.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I enabled the Emacs key 'scheme' as @aioobe suggested a long time ago in all my copies of Eclipse. However, recently, a new form of perverse behavior popped up in some of my Eclipse installations: I type any one of several Emacs commands, such as Ctrl-L (to center the window), and this annoying dialog box pops up, offering me the correct Emacs action for that key and another option, which comes from nothing I recognize, but is certainly NOT an Emacs key binding.

This is problematic for two reasons 1) it pops up out of the blue, in some but not all projects (I haven't figured out a pattern yet) 2) it is obviously a violation of the promised support of an Emacs key scheme, a violation that only emerged recently, making the Emacs support far less valuable.

Emacs support in Eclipse was never very complete, but I would like to get back to the state I had a few months ago, when Ctrl-L, Ctrl-D and Ctrl-K all worked correctly as Emacs keys w/o this annoying dialog in all projects.

If Emacs+ worked in Indigo and Juno, I would try that. But as it is...
    
    
Title: &ldquo;Go to declaration&rdquo; does not work in Netbeans PHP
Description: 
    
    
                    
Some of my defined classes are not loaded by the IDE when I call Ctrl+B, Go to declaration, Ctrl+click.

I'm using Windows 7, NetBeans, PHP 7.0.1

My classes are defined under &lt;project-root&gt;/foloder00/folder01/folder02/MyClass.php

I call MyClass &lt;project-root&gt;/index.php

Do you know what the problem is? And the workaround?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
As suggested by Nam, it is cache related. So another approach could be to delete the cache:


Close NetBeans
Delete cache folder (by default, on Linux it is located in /home/USER/.cache/netbeans)
Open the project and wait for the scanning project task to finish.

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Deleting the Netbeans cache and letting Netbeans rebuild the cache after start fixes the 'go to declaration' issue, as suggested by others. 

On Windows 7 with Netbeans 8.0 the path to the cache is

c:\Users{username}\AppData\Local\NetBeans\Cache\
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I found a workaround for myself. Share with you in case you might need it like me.

Project Property - Include Path - Add the location of the containing folder where it doesn't work/isn't loaded.

Cheers




    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
For Linux users to delete cache:

rm -fR /home/[user]/.cache/[netbeans_version]


Then restart NetBeans.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Go to Tools-
Answer 6: 

    
    
I had the same problem with Netbeans 8.0.2.

Clearing the cache had no effect then I noticed the syntax coloring was not working either.  The issue was the abbreviated comment tag was not recognized &lt;? and when I changed it to &lt;?php then syntax coloring and Ctrl-B worked again.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
If You working with Drupal in NetBeans and have the same ctrl+click (Go to declaration) issue:


Add/associate *.module, *.inc extensions as text/x-php5 files
(NetBeans 
Answer 8: 

    
    
I resolved this issue deleting the nbproject directory on my project.

After deleteting this directory, just restart your ide.
It'll start going to declarations, functions and classes again.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
In windows system, we cannot see the AppData folder directly.
So we need to browse the below given path to delete the Netbeans cache:
C:\Users{username}\AppData\Local\NetBeans
Delete the cache folder.
If it still doesn't work then delete the sub-folders inside 
C:\Users{username}\AppData\Roaming\NetBeans\8.2\var
Then reopen your netbeans and let it scan projects.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
I encountered the same problem on Mac, I solved it by deleting netbeans cache directory:


Close netbeans, Find and delete Cache directory of netbeans, it will solve your
problem:
Replace '7.1.2' with your installed version of Netbeans, in directory paths given below.


MAC:
Remove following directory:

 ~/.netbeans/7.1.2/var/cache/


command:rm -rf ~/.netbeans/7.1.2/var/cache/


Windows XP:
Remove following directory:

C:\Documents and Settings\(user)\.netbeans\7.1.2\var\cache


Windows Vista / 7:
Remove following directory:

C:\Users\(user)\.netbeans\7.1.2\var\cache


Linux:
Remove following directory:

.netbeans/7.1.2/var/cache


LINK:Here is detailed discussion about the issue
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
For me Ctrl + Click does not work when I choose 'Put NetBeans metadata into a separate directory' when doing PHP in Netbeans 7.3.1 on Ubuntu
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
I had the same problem on ubuntu 16.04 and I solved it doing what was written here


Edit netbeans.conf (on Ubuntu 16.04 /etc/netbeans.conf)
Add the --cp:p /usr/share/java/jcodings.jar to netbeans_default_options

    
    
Answer 13: 

    
    
I had the same problem and resolved  by installing JRE

http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jre8-downloads-2133155.html
    
    
Answer 14: 

    
    
For me, deleting the Cache didn't work.  Deleting and recreating the project did.

For what it's worth, my Cache directory lives here:

C:\Users\{username}\AppData\Local\NetBeans\Cache

I'm using NetBeans 8.1 in Windows 7.
    
    
Answer 15: 

    
    
For me, deleting the Cache folder did not work.

Then i realized that the source files that i have opened in NetBeans, were not included as part of a project. So i went ahead and selected: File 
Answer 16: 

    
    
I got the same issue in Netbeans 11.0.
My OS is Ubuntu 18.04.
I solved the issue by clearing the cache of netbeans.
Cache path of Netbeans 11 is

/home/USER/snap/netbeans/common/cache/11.0
    
    
Answer 17: 

    
    

  Go to Tools-
Title: Is there a keyboard shortcut to go to a line number in NetBeans?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm using NetBeans for a project, and baffled that I seem completely unable to find a keyboard shortcut to go to a specific line number.

Please tell me that it's my googling skills that are lacking, rather than the IDE.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Ctrl+G

Keyboard shortcuts for navigating your code in NetBeans
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Press Ctrl + G to go to a specific line.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
CTRL+G
works for me in version 7.3
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Version 7.1 has an apparent default of Ctrl + L
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Press Ctrl + G to go to a specific line.
    
    
Title: Emacs Rename Variable
Description: 
    
    
                    
How do I rename a variable in emacs?  Eclipse has a neat "rename" refactoring action which lets you rename a variable in a scoping-aware way, which can be much easier to use than doing localized replace-strings, especially if the variable name is a character like e.  Does emacs have a similar functionality built in?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
iedit was made for this kind of thing.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
New Emacs has M-s . to select symbol under cursor, then you can C-M-% and it will use currently selected symbol to perform replacements. NOTE This is just plain string replacement, not like the IDE 'rename variable' feature.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You can use narrowing to only show part of a buffer, and search/replace will only operate in the narrowed region.  For example, you could use C-x n d to narrow to the current function, or select the region you want and do C-x n n.  Do your search/replace, then widen back with C-x n w.  For a single letter variable like e, do a query-replace-regexp with C-M-% and use a regexp like \be\b so it will only work on individual e's instead of ones inside other words.

Edit: Just thought of another thing.  If you select a region, search/replace only works in that area.  So you could just select the scope you want to replace in, then do the query-replace-regexp thing.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
In Python, this is more or less doable with the Rope refactoring library, for which I advise to use emacs-traad, in MELPA (straightforward to install and easy to use). 

After installation we have the function M-x traad-rename which renames a variable in the project.


Rope documentation


For simpler search&amp;replace, we have the aforementioned Iedit and also Projectile's projectile-replace.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
With the advent of LSP support in Emacs the actual "rename" refactorings are finally becoming viable in addition to narrowing/iedit/multicursor etc options in other answers, dependent on what the underlying language servers support.


emacs-lsp package provides lsp-rename
eglot package provides eglot-rename

    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I'm not sure what your source code language is. Because you mentioned about Eclipse, I assume that it is Java. One option is to use tags-query-replace functionality. Use Excuberant Ctags with -e switch to generate etgas style tags and invoke tags-query-replace.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Since you asked for a Eclipse feature, Iedit wont cut it. Its not that smart, what if you got two variables with the same name on different scopes? It would change both of them. This does not happen on eclipse!
You will need language specific tool if you expect that kind of awareness.

With typescript you can use tide.
With golang you can use go-doctor.
Specifically with Java, I could not find anything, but I use meghanada, which is great. But refactoring is on its TODO list! You use also use emacs as a client for eclipse with eclim.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
As well as considering the already-suggested iedit, you can also consider multiple-cursors package. Check out an article about it, with animation of the live edition.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
(defun replace-var (new)
  "Replace the variable on the cursor"
  (interactive (list
            (read-string (format "Rename %s to: " (thing-at-point 'symbol)))))
  (let ((old (thing-at-point 'symbol)))
    (mark-defun)
    (replace-string old new)))

(defun replace-old-var (old new)
  "Input the old and new name"
  (interactive "sFrom: \nsTo: ")
  (mark-defun)
  (replace-string old new))

(global-set-key (kbd "C-c r o") 'replace-old-var)
(global-set-key (kbd "C-c r v") 'replace-var)

    
    
Title: How do I install a specific version of an IDEA plugin?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have experienced problems since moving to the latest version of one of the IDEA plugins I use. I can download ZIP files of previous versions of the plugin from their website but I can't find any installation instructions for how to manually install a specific version of a plugin.

Anyone know how to do this?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Think you can simple drop the jar in the plugins directory: 


  idea.plugins.path=${user.home}/.IntelliJIdea80/config/plugins


On Windows: 


  idea.plugins.path=%USERPROFILE%\.IntelliJIdea80\config\plugins

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You could also download the zip and then in Settings Plugins press install plugin from disk and choose the zipfile. 
Works like a charm on my Mac =) 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
If you are on Mac, it would be:

~/Library/Application Support/IntelliJIdeaXX where XX is IDEA version number code.

You can find more details for different platforms in the FAQ.
    
    
Title: Can Eclipse Be Used To Find All Deprecated Method Calls?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Does Eclipse have a feature that lets you search a project to find all calls to deprecated methods?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can set the compiler to generate errors or warnings (your choice) for any usage of deprecated API.


  Preferences -
Answer 2: 

    
    
[Updating eight years later, for current versions of Eclipse, with screenshots.]

First, build your projects. Once you've built your projects, the Problems view includes deprecations by default. You can group all the deprecations together.

To show the Problems view, use Window
Answer 3: 

    
    
You can always use the grep facilities under 'Search -code/code/p/div
Title: Eclipse with Lombok - search for getter and setter usages
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm using Eclipse with Lombok. The getters and setters are generated properly but they are not visible in class body (that's the whole point, I know). However, because of that, I am unable to execute a search for usages of a getter or a setter from inside the class. So if I want to check what and where actually sets a particular value of a field, I have to execute a String search for the getter name, which is slow and may give bad results (for a field of the same name in another class, for example).

Is there a way in Eclipse to look for a getter/setter usage for a field for lombok-generated methods?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can use the Outline view:


Right-click on the method in the Outline view, and use "Open Call Hierarchy".

An other way to do it is to right-click on the annotation (@Setter for instance), and use "Open Call Hierarchy" on it, but it may not work with some annotations (like @Data).
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
if you cant see getter and setters in outline tab.just restart the IDE.And also before importing the jar to IDE,Run the jar file and specify the IDE.exe file to it.
    
    
Title: IDE for OCaml language
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there any trusted OCaml IDE other than Camelia ?

I would prefer an eclipse based IDE if existed. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Editors

• Emacs

◦ ocaml-mode from the standard distribution

◦ alternative tuareg-mode https://forge.ocamlcore.org/projects/tuareg/

− cheat-sheet: http://www.ocamlpro.com/ﬁles/tuareg-mode.pdf

◦ camldebug intergration with debugger

◦ type feedback with C-c C-t key shortcut, needs .annot ﬁles

• Vim

◦ OMLet plugin
     http://www.lix.polytechnique.fr/~dbaelde/productions/omlet.html

◦ For type lookup: either https://github.com/avsm/ocaml-annot

− or http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=2025

− also? http://www.vim.org/scripts/script.php?script_id=1197

• Eclipse

◦ OCaml Development Tools http://ocamldt.free.fr/

◦ an old plugin OcaIDE http://www.algo-prog.info/ocaide/

• TypeRex http://www.typerex.org/

◦ currently mostly as typerex-mode for Emacs but integration with
other editors will become better

◦ Auto-completion of identiﬁers (experimental)

◦ Browsing of identiﬁers: show type and comment, go to deﬁnition

◦ local and whole-program refactoring: renaming identiﬁers and compilation units, open elimination

• Some dedicated editors

◦ OCamlEditor http://ocamleditor.forge.ocamlcore.org/

◦ ocamlbrowser inspects libraries and programs

− browsing contents of modules

− search by name and by type

− basic editing, with syntax highlighting

◦ Cameleon http://home.gna.org/cameleon/ (older)

◦ Camelia http://camelia.sourceforge.net/ (even older)

NEW: editor OCaml-top, with syntax highlighting, indentation, type display, work well on all systems.

NEW: Merlin, similar to TypeRex but works better with work-in-progress files, has front-ends to Vim and Emacs currently.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
VSCode with ReasonML / OCaml plugin:





Install the VSCode plugin/extension with:





Jetbrains / IntellijIDEA ultimate:





With Jetbrains, install the plugin here:





You get intelli-sense / auto-complete with both editors using these plugins.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Maybe you can check this topic: Looking for OCaml IDE

For eclipse based IDE you have OcaIDE
    
    
Title: Creating new database in DataGrip JetBrains
Description: 
    
    
                    
Anybody know how to create new database in DataGrip (database IDE from JetBrains)?
Could not find in DataGrip Help page.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
In DataGrip 2017.1 UI for this was introduced


    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You first define the database. 
File --
Answer 3: 

    
    
I don't believe the existing answers cover MySQL... In MySQL, creating a new schema is equivalent to creating a new database. For this case, contextual-click (usually right-click) on your connection in the navigation tree and choose New | Schema. Give it a name and 'Execute in database".

The name of this schema will show up in the navigation tree and you can then add tables, data, etc.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
The tricky part of creating a new database, is that you have to do it using a DataGrip "Data Source"  where are are connected as a user that has the priviledge to create a database, which is generally the "admin" user that you added when you first installed Postgres which is connected to the main "postgres" database.

I like to keep track of all the commands I have run by attaching a new directory (File Menu | Attach Directory) and creating new files with descriptive names, such as "create_my_test_db.sql" and enter the sql to create the database:  

create database my_test_db;


When you want to execute this code, make sure that you are using the correct "console".  DataGrip has a drop-down menu in the upper-right corner above your file menu, so make sure you have selected "postgres@localhost", since this is the user Data Source that has privileges to create a new database. 

Similarly, to create a new user for this data base, create a new sql file "create_my_test_db_user.sql"

create user my_test_db_user with encrypted password 'keyboard_cat';
grant all privileges on my_test_db to my_test_db_user;


Then you can create a new Data Source, and set the properties to host = localhost, user = my_test_db_user, and password = keyboard_cat.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Go to the name of your connection (eg: cat-app@localhost) ,right-click and select Schema. Creating a Schema and Database are same in Mysql.
    
    
Title: How to change position of output panel in sublime text?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I want the output to show to the right of the code, not bellow it. I can change the view to two columns but I can't change the position of the output panel. For example:



Is it possible to change the position of the output panel to be to the right of the code, not below it?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
There is a solution, which exists for years already, but does not seem to be widely used. It's the package buildview: it puts the build output in any other view, i.e. acts as a normal tab.

LINK:
https://packagecontrol.io/packages/sublime-text-2-buildview
(perfectly works with sublime 3)
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
It seems this feature has been requested: http://sublimetext.userecho.com/topic/23694-ability-to-show-console-output-side-by-side-with-code/. So the answer would be no, there's no way to currently do this, and there doesn't seem to be mention of it in the changelog thus far for SublimeText3.
    
    
Title: How can Qt Creator be used as general C++ IDE (no usage of Qt library)?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've been looking around for a nice C++ IDE, and I really like the features and performance of Qt Creator, and I plan to use it to make Qt based applications down the road. However, for right now, I just want to use Qt creator as general purpose C++ IDE without the use of the Qt library. How can I go about using Qt creator just for regular C++ development? What configurations do I need to make? I would appreciate some detailed guidance with this.

Thank you for your time and cooperation. I appreciate it, and I hope to hear from you all soon. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I do it constantly.

You have two options:


use qmake project files: to get rid of all the remaining Qt stuff, add these to your project file(s):

CONFIG -= qt
DEFINES -= UNICODE QT_LARGEFILE_SUPPORT


Remember that qmake itself is still required to build. So you'll most likely need a Qt installation.
use Cmake project files.


Both cases can count on Qt Creator's full support (for files and projects in the left pane). git and svn support in Qt Creator is awesome
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I started using Qt Creator recently because I spend more and more time on my 13" laptop and just love the way it utilizes space. Other than that, it is feature-rich, fast, reliable and Qt isn't bad at all. As for C++ only IDE, it is more than welcome in my life.

The only other IDE that I love as much as Qt Creator is Code::Blocks. (I often switch between the two, depending on which machine I use)
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I did use Qt Creator for a non-Qt project once, but only for its code-editing features and code completion. I built the project and worked with the rcs from a separate terminal window. All I can say is that I was satisfied with Qt creator as a C++ code editor.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I've been using Eclipse forever as a Java programmer, so when I returned to C++, I continued to use it. However, Eclipse loses its brain ALL THE TIME, and I spend huge amounts of time trying to get it to stop being so stupid, issuing 100s of errors that aren't errors. As of today, I'm trying Qt Creator. So far, it's working well.

The Qt people have a quick reference that I followed: https://doc.qt.io/qtcreator/creator-project-generic.html

Qt Creator doesn't have all the features I like from Eclipse, but it's working well for me so far. I can import my existing projects following these directions, then edit the files they list to smooth things out.

You have to, for instance, specify your include path by editing .includes.

I do builds and runs outside the IDE, so I'm not sure how well the Run button will work, but I'm sure you can make that happen.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I'm using Qt Creator with CMake on Ubuntu. I still usually compile in a terminal window so it really doesn't matter which build system you use. CMake's and qmake's project files just makes  it easy to import code files into the IDE. I'm also using GCC 4.6 from Ubuntu's repositories so it's newer and has better support for C++11 than the one that currently comes with Qt SDK. I have Qt Creator also installed from Ubuntu's repositories. Everything works so beautifully that I could cry.
    
    
Title: Debugging IDE&#39;s port connection to XDebug: &ldquo;Waiting to Connect&rdquo;
Description: 
    
    
                    
Preamble

Like many, I've spent more hours debugging my IDE’s connection to XDebug than I have using XDebug to debug my programs. I’ve gotten it to work repeatedly, but every once and a while I get the common “Waiting to connect” problem. I haven’t been able to localize what causes XDebug to work or fail. I’ve been using ubuntu for two years; I’m neither a noob nor an strace guru. What am I doing wrong? How can I better debug my IDE’s connection to XDebug?



Setup


  Ubuntu 10.10
  Netbeans 6.9.1
  PHP 5.3.3-1ubuntu9 with Suhosin-Patch
  Xdebug v2.1.0 with debugclient built Sep 20 2010 from source using the tailored installation instructions script on xdebug.org
  Apache Apache/2.2.16
  Both /etc/php5/apache2/php.ini and /etc/php5/cli/php.ini have:

zend_extension = /usr/lib/php5/20090626+lfs/xdebug.so
xdebug.remote_enable=1
xdebug.remote_handler=dbgp
xdebug.remote_mode=req
xdebug.remote_host=127.0.0.1
xdebug.remote_port=9000
xdebug.remote_log=/var/log/xdebug.log
xdebug.extended_info=1
xdebug.idekey="netbeans-xdebug"





Procedure

The Problem

I can't explain what causes the problem or when the problem manifests. It begins when I try to debug my project, which causes my dev browser of choice (Chrome) to open to the url of my project with the parameter XDEBUG_SESSION_START=netbeans-xdebug. This causes the page to render normally in chrome while Netbeans reports only “Waiting to Connect.” 

Debugging XDebug

First, with the “Waiting to Connect” message still alive, I’ll try to use netstat to dig around port 9000, which goes something like this:

$ netstat -an | grep 9000
tcp6       0      0 :::9000                 :::*                    LISTEN     


I shut down my IDE and try to use two files to help figure out what’s going on: {webroot}/index.php contains &lt;?php phpinfo(); ?&gt;, and {webroot}/dbgtest.php contains the XDebug installation check script:

&lt;?php
$address = '127.0.0.1';
$port = 9000;
$sock = socket_create(AF_INET, SOCK_STREAM, 0);
socket_bind($sock, $address, $port) or die('Unable to bind');
socket_listen($sock);
$client = socket_accept($sock);
echo "connection established: $client";
socket_close($client);
socket_close($sock);
?&gt;


When I start the XDebug debugclient and open http://127.0.0.1/dbgtest.php?XDEBUG_SESSION_START=mysession, I’ll usually get the regular output and then verify XDebug is connected to the script with netstat in another terminal: 

$ netstat -an | grep 9000
tcp        0      0 127.0.0.1:9000          127.0.0.1:34831         ESTABLISHED
tcp        0      0 127.0.0.1:34831         127.0.0.1:9000          ESTABLISHED


Though both of these seem to indicate that the connection has been made, the webpage reads "Unable to bind", which I can't explain. I Ctrl-c to quit debugclient, and netstat at this point verifies that port 9000 has no activity. I fire up Netbeans, open {webroot}/index.php and engage the debugger, which opens up http://127.0.0.1/index.php. The debugger then usually starts normally. I stop the debugger, go back to my project, and this is where the problem really becomes annoying: some of the time, I can continue debugging my project as normal, and other times, the problem re-emerges and while the “Waiting to Connect” sign is displaying, netstat shows: 

$ netstat -an | grep 9000
tcp6       0      0 :::9000                 :::*                    LISTEN     
tcp6       0      0 127.0.0.1:9000          127.0.0.1:34681         TIME_WAIT 


Other times, I'll restart my computer, fire up a terminal, and find: 

$ netstat -an | grep 9000
unix  3      [ ]         STREAM     CONNECTED     9000  
$ telnet 127.0.0.1 9000
Trying 127.0.0.1...
telnet: Unable to connect to remote host: Connection refused


I'm not familiar enough with network and linux internals to see what this points to. Clearly something is using port 9000. What does this mean? Note that despite my settings in php.ini:

$ cat /var/log/xdebug.log
cat: /var/log/xdebug.log: No such file or directory


What is the correct way to debug the connection between the IDE and XDebug?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
If you by chance use the Cisco VPN client, this could be a cause. It comes with a firewall, which is always on, even if the client is not started.
It can be unchecked in the Options menu.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Please read this thread. 

http://forums.netbeans.org/post-99369.html

in the end the workaround was to add net.ipv6.bindv6only = 0  to the file /etc/sysctl.d/bindv6only.conf and then reboot. Xdebug worked fine after that. 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Well, my development-set up somewhat differs from yours but I very well know this problem. In fact I just solved it ... this time my Fireeall blocked the port XDebug uses to talk to my IDE.

Some things come to my mind when reading your account:

1) "I can't explain what causes the problem or when the problem manifests."
This is a very important statement b/c, as we all know, technichal solutions are strictly dependant on wheather the underlying problem occurs always or sometimes, in a seemingly random fashion. So ... can you sometimes perform XDebugging this way or never?

2) When your IDE is waiting and your browser renders the site immediately, then I guess there is something wrong with your IDE telling your XDebug-server to start. B/c if XDebug would start and couldn't connect back to your XDebug-client then the web-site wouldn't render immediately. But in your case the GET-parameters are just ignored b/c they have no meaning for your Apache/PHP-server as they don't know anything about some XDebug-session you would like to start.

3) Your solution approaches seem very complicated to me. I would keep at simple as possible first and see how that works. For example "xdebug.idekey="netbeans-xdebug" is usually not necassary for a first setup. 

Those are my two cents

Best
Raffael
    
    
Title: Eclipse: C/C++ Plugin Download Link?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm downloaded the Java EE version of Eclipse 3.5.1. Can I now use it to edit C/C++ with the proper plugin? 

I went to Help 
Answer 1: 

    
    
http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/ May be you need to download C/C++ IDE.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Just wanted to update the thread with the Juno (Eclipse 4.2) plugin link since I had some trouble finding it.

To install it on your existing eclipse go to Help 
Answer 3: 

    
    
1-In Eclipse (Juno) , go to  " Help/Install new software" .

2- Install dialog appears , in front of "Work with:" input at the top row of dialog  press the "Add..." button.

3- in the "Add Repository" dialog type something as name( for example CDT) and in the "Location" input box type: " http://download.eclipse.org/tools/cdt/releases/juno " and press OK.

If your connection to internet be good, after a while you should have "CDT main features" and "CDT Optional Features" appeared in the list. 
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
You can download the package you want according to your eclipse version.

The CDT can either be installed as part of the Eclipse C/C++ IDE packaged zip file or installed into an existing Eclipse using the "Help-
Answer 5: 

    
    
Version: Luna Service Release 2 (4.4.2)
Ubuntu: 14.04

Go to Help -/pp/ppa href="http://download.eclipse.org/tools/cdt/releases/8.6" rel="nofollow"/a/pp/pp/pp/pp/pp/p/div
Answer 6: 

    
    
Alternative way to install CDT was tested under Ubuntu 16.04.2, Eclipse Neon3
Help br/
Answer 7: 

    
    
You may have a problem with Galileo's download if you're behind a proxy.
If it comes to it, this might help.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
http://www.easyeclipse.org/site/plugins/eclipse-cdt.html

This is what you are looking for...
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
I have not tried the same with gallelio or helios but when tried installing CDT pluggin for the recent eclipse Indigo, it worked fine. It works with both ADT and CDT plugins simultaneously. 
The download URL for plugin is http://download.eclipse.org/tools/cdt/releases/indigo.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
Installing CDT depends on version of eclipse you have. 

This page will help you to download appropriate CDT based on the version on eclipse you have.

http://www.eclipse.org/cdt/downloads.php
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
Go to http://www.eclipse.org/cdt/downloads.php
You can either manually download the plugin then provide the local path in Help-/strong/ppstrong/stronga href="http://download.eclipse.org/tools/cdt/releases/helios" rel="nofollow"/a/p/div
Answer 12: 

    
    
Tip:

try to get the .zip file for the plugin and paste it in dropins folder at eclipse/dropins because if you ever need to re install eclipse, this zip will be handy

https://eclipse.org/cdt/downloads.php

look for archives there, and download the latest one!

like this one
    
    
Title: Making Eclipse view different file extensions as PHP
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have several file extensions, like .module, that I would like to be understood by Eclipse to be PHP - so I get the same syntax highlighting, code completion, etc features as I would if I were editing a .php file. How can I do this?

I went to Window 
Answer 1: 

    
    
Head to Window -/emem
Answer 2: 

    
    
FYI.

window 
Answer 3: 

    
    
Something extra to be aware of.

I had the same problem, even after installing PDT.  Turns out that there was an entry in General=
Answer 4: 

    
    
Window &gt; Prefrences &gt; General &gt; Content Types &gt; Text &gt; PHP Content Type
add any type of file like *.module, *.install etc
    
    
Title: How to integrate ZXing Library to Android Studio for Barcode Scanning?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've been looking all over internet how to include zxing library to my project, and I found this tutorial: http://blog.dihaw.com/integrating-zxing-in-your-android-app-as-standalone-scanner/

But when I reach the point that you need to check for BeepManager to add the R import I get all kinds of errors in my project (Even on the MainActivity) that it couldn't find R.

Also I found this one https://github.com/journeyapps/zxing-android-embedded/blob/master/README.md which seemed a lot easier because it was auto integrated by gradle, but when I sync it pops an error that it couldn't find the files.

Any help would be appreciated :) I'm new to Android Studio.

EDIT:

I added the settings of the 2nd method (the one with the gradle settings) to my build.gradle and 4 error pop up: 

Error:Failed to find: com.embarkmobile:zxing-android-legacy:2.0.0 
Error:Failed to find: com.google.zxing:core:3.0.1 
Error:Failed to find: com.embarkmobile:zxing-android-integration:2.0.0 
Error:Failed to find: com.embarkmobile:zxing-android-minimal:2.0.0


Any help?

---ANSWER---

To fix this problem I needed to disable Offline Work on Gradle.


Android Studio's settings
Answer 1: 

    
    
You need add the following to your build.gradle file:

repositories {
    mavenCentral()

    maven {
        url "http://dl.bintray.com/journeyapps/maven"
    }
}

dependencies {
    // Supports Android 4.0.3 and later (API level 15)
    compile 'com.journeyapps:zxing-android-embedded:2.0.1@aar'

    // Supports Android 2.1 and later (API level 7), but not optimal for later Android versions.
    // If you only plan on supporting Android 4.0.3 and up, you don't need to include this.
    compile 'com.journeyapps:zxing-android-legacy:2.0.1@aar'

    // Convenience library to launch the scanning and encoding Activities.
    // It automatically picks the best scanning library from the above two, depending on the
    // Android version and what is available.
    compile 'com.journeyapps:zxing-android-integration:2.0.1@aar'

    // Version 3.0.x of zxing core contains some code that is not compatible on Android 2.2 and earlier.
    // This mostly affects encoding, but you should test if you plan to support these versions.
    // Older versions e.g. 2.2 may also work if you need support for older Android versions.
    compile 'com.google.zxing:core:3.0.1'
}


My build.gradle file like this:

apply plugin: 'com.android.application'

android {
    compileSdkVersion 21
    buildToolsVersion "21.1.2"

    defaultConfig {
        applicationId "com.myapplication2"
        minSdkVersion 16
        targetSdkVersion 21
        versionCode 1
        versionName "1.0"
    }
    buildTypes {
        release {
            minifyEnabled false
            proguardFiles getDefaultProguardFile('proguard-android.txt'), 'proguard-rules.pro'
        }
    }
}

repositories {
    mavenCentral()

    maven {
        url "https://raw.github.com/embarkmobile/zxing-android-minimal/mvn-repo/maven-repository/"
    }
}

dependencies {
    compile fileTree(dir: 'libs', include: ['*.jar'])
    compile 'com.android.support:appcompat-v7:21.0.3'
    // Supports Android 4.0.3 and later (API level 15)
    compile 'com.embarkmobile:zxing-android-minimal:2.0.0@aar'

    // Supports Android 2.1 and later (API level 7), but not optimal for later Android versions.
    // If you only plan on supporting Android 4.0.3 and up, you don't need to include this.
    compile 'com.embarkmobile:zxing-android-legacy:2.0.0@aar'

    // Convenience library to launch the scanning and encoding Activities.
    // It automatically picks the best scanning library from the above two, depending on the
    // Android version and what is available.
    compile 'com.embarkmobile:zxing-android-integration:2.0.0@aar'

    // Version 3.0.x of zxing core contains some code that is not compatible on Android 2.2 and earlier.
    // This mostly affects encoding, but you should test if you plan to support these versions.
    // Older versions e.g. 2.2 may also work if you need support for older Android versions.
    compile 'com.google.zxing:core:3.0.1'
}


The code is here.

Also, for how to use it, please refer my answer on the Stackoverflow here

It contains method and also simple code that I have tested.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
As of version 3 of zxing-android-embedded you only need to add these to your build.gradle file:

repositories {
    jcenter()
}

dependencies {
    compile 'com.journeyapps:zxing-android-embedded:3.0.2@aar'
    compile 'com.google.zxing:core:3.2.0'
}


Follow the steps in: https://github.com/journeyapps/zxing-android-embedded/

It now also allows for portrait mode with simple changes to the IntentIntegrator, and easier ways to customize the views.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Easiest way to integrate ZXing for barcode or Qr scanning.

For Full Reference : Scan Barcode ZXing Android

Add in dependencies

compile 'me.dm7.barcodescanner:zxing:1.9' 


ScanActivity

import android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity;
import android.os.Bundle;
import android.util.Log;
import com.google.zxing.Result;

import me.dm7.barcodescanner.zxing.ZXingScannerView;

public class ScanActivity extends AppCompatActivity implements ZXingScannerView.ResultHandler{

    private ZXingScannerView mScannerView;

    @Override
    public void onCreate(Bundle state) {
        super.onCreate(state);
        mScannerView = new ZXingScannerView(this);   // Programmatically initialize the scanner view
        setContentView(mScannerView);                // Set the scanner view as the content view
    }

    @Override
    public void onResume() {
        super.onResume();
        mScannerView.setResultHandler(this); // Register ourselves as a handler for scan results.
        mScannerView.startCamera();          // Start camera on resume
    }

    @Override
    public void onPause() {
        super.onPause();
        mScannerView.stopCamera();           // Stop camera on pause
    }

    @Override
    public void handleResult(Result rawResult) {
        // Do something with the result here
       // Log.v("tag", rawResult.getText()); // Prints scan results
       // Log.v("tag", rawResult.getBarcodeFormat().toString()); // Prints the scan format (qrcode, pdf417 etc.)

        MainActivity.tvresult.setText(rawResult.getText());
        onBackPressed();

        // If you would like to resume scanning, call this method below:
        //mScannerView.resumeCameraPreview(this);
    }
}

    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I have it working with this:

repositories { mavenCentral()
    maven { url "https://raw.github.com/embarkmobile/zxing-android-minimal/mvn-repo/maven-repository/" }
}

compile 'com.google.zxing:core:3.2.1'
compile 'com.embarkmobile:zxing-android-minimal:2.0.0@aar'
compile 'com.embarkmobile:zxing-android-integration:2.0.0@aar'


I recommend using the IntentIntegrator

IntentIntegrator integrator = new IntentIntegrator(getActivity()); 
integrator.forSupportFragment(this).initiateScan();


The requestCode comes back with IntentIntegrator.REQUEST_CODE
    
    
Title: Intel C++ compiler as an alternative to Microsoft&#39;s?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is anyone here using the Intel C++ compiler instead of Microsoft's Visual c++ compiler? 

I would be very interested to hear your experience about integration, performance and build times.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The Intel compiler is one of the most advanced C++ compiler available, it has a number of advantages over for instance the Microsoft Visual C++ compiler, and one major drawback. The advantages include:

Very good SIMD support, as far as I've been able to find out, it is the compiler that has the best support for SIMD instructions.

Supports both automatic parallelization (multi core optimzations), as well as manual (through OpenMP), and does both very well.

Support CPU dispatching, this is really important, since it allows the compiler to target the processor for optimized instructions when the program runs. As far as I can tell this is the only C++ compiler available that does this, unless G++ has introduced this in their yet.

It is often shipped with optimized libraries, such as math and image libraries.


However it has one major drawback, the dispatcher as mentioned above, only works on Intel CPU's, this means that advanced optimizations will be left out on AMD cpu's. There is a workaround for this, but it is still a major problem with the compiler.
To work around the dispatcher problem, it is possible to replace the dispatcher code produced with a version working on AMD processors, one can for instance use Agner Fog's asmlib library which replaces the compiler generated dispatcher function. Much more information about the dispatching problem, and more detailed technical explanations of some of the topics can be found in the Optimizing software in C++ paper - also from Anger (which is really worth reading).
On a personal note I have used the Intel c++ Compiler with Visual Studio 2005 where it worked flawlessly, I didn't experience any problems with microsoft specific language extensions, it seemed to understand those I used, but perhaps the ones mentioned by John Knoeller were different from the ones I had in my projects.
While I like the Intel compiler, I'm currently working with the microsoft C++ compiler, simply because of the financial extra investment the Intel compiler requires. I would only use the Intel compiler as an alternative to Microsofts or the GNU compiler, if performance were critical to my project and I had a the financial part in order ;)
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I'm not using Intel C++ compiler at work / personal (I wish I would).

I would use it because it has:


Excellent inline assembler support. Intel C++ supports both Intel and AT&amp;T (GCC) assembler syntaxes, for x86 and x64 platforms. Visual C++ can handle only Intel assembly syntax and only for x86.
Support for SSE3, SSSE3, and SSE4 instruction sets. Visual C++ has support for SSE and SSE2.
Is based on EDG C++, which has a complete ISO/IEC 14882:2003 standard implementation. That means you can use / learn every C++ feature.

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I've had only one experience with this compiler, compiling STLPort. It took MSVC around 5 minutes to compile it and ICC was compiling for more than an hour. It seems that their template compilation is very slow. Other than this I've heard only good things about it.

Here's something interesting:


  Intel's compiler can produce different
  versions of pieces of code, with each
  version being optimised for a specific
  processor and/or instruction set
  (SSE2, SSE3, etc.). The system detects
  which CPU it's running on and chooses
  the optimal code path accordingly; the
  CPU dispatcher, as it's called.
  
  "However, the Intel CPU dispatcher
  does not only check which instruction
  set is supported by the CPU, it also
  checks the vendor ID string," Fog
  details, "If the vendor string says
  'GenuineIntel' then it uses the
  optimal code path. If the CPU is not
  from Intel then, in most cases, it
  will run the slowest possible version
  of the code, even if the CPU is fully
  compatible with a better version."


OSnews article here
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I tried using Intel C++ at my previous job. IIRC, it did indeed generate more efficient code at the expense of compilation time. We didn't put it to production use though, for reasons I can't remember.

One important difference compared to MSVC is that the Intel compiler supports C99.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Anecdotally, I've found that the Intel compiler crashes more frequently than Visual C++.  Its diagnostics are a bit more thorough and clearly written than VC's.   Thus, it's possible that the compiler will give diagnostics that weren't given with VC, or will crash where VC didn't, making your conversion more expensive.

However, I do believe that Intel's compiler allows you to link with Microsoft runtimes like the CRT, easing the transition cost.

If you are interoperating with managed code you should probably stick with Microsoft's compiler.

Recent Intel compilers achieve significantly better performance on floating-point heavy benchmarks, and are similar to Visual C++ on integer heavy benchmarks.  However, it varies dramatically based on the program and whether or not you are using link-time code generation or profile-guided optimization.  If performance is critical for you, you'll need to benchmark your application before making a choice.  I'd only say that if you are doing scientific computing, it's probably worth the time to investigate.

Intel allows you a month-long free trial of its compiler, so you can try these things out for yourself.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I've been using the Intel C++ compiler since the first Release of Intel Parallel Studio, and so far I haven't felt the temptation to go back. Here's an outline of dis/advantages as well as (some obvious) observations.

Advantages


Parallelization (vectorization, OpenMP, SSE) is unmatched in other compilers.
Toolset is simply awesome. I'm talking about the profiling, of course.
Inclusion of optimized libraries such as Threading Building Blocks (okay, so Microsoft replicated TBB with PPL), Math Kernel Library (standard routines, and some implementations have MPI (!!!) support), Integrated Performance Primitives, etc. What's great also is that these libraries are constantly evolving.


Disadvantages


Speed-up is Intel-only. Well duh! It doesn't worry me, however, because on the server side all I have to do is choose Intel machines. I have no problem with that, some people might.
You can't really do OSS or anything like that on this, because the project file format is different. Yes, you can have both VS and IPS file formats, but that's just weird. You'll get lost in synchronising project options whenever you make a change. Intel's compiler has twice the number of options, by the way.
The compiler is a lot more finicky. It is far too easy to set incompatible project settings that will give you a cryptic compilation error instead of a nice meaningful explanation.
It costs additional money on top of Visual Studio.


Neutrals


I think that the performance argument is not a strong one anymore, because plenty of libraries such as Thrust or Microsoft AMP let you use GPGPU which will outgun your cpu anyway.
I recommend anyone interested to get a trial and try out some code, including the libraries. (And yes, the libraries are nice, but C-style interfaces can drive you insane.)

    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
The last time the company I work for compared the two was about a year ago, (maybe 2).  The Intel compiler generated faster code, usually only a bit faster, but in some cases quite a bit. 

But it couldn't handle some of the MS language extensions that we depended on, so we ended up sticking with MS.  It was VS 2005 that we were comparing it to.  And I'm wracking my brain to remember exactly what MS extension the Intel compiler couldn't handle.  I'll come back and edit this post if I can remember. 
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
Intel C++ Compiler has AMAZING (human) support. Talking to Microsoft can literally take days. My non-trivial issue was solved through chat in under 10 minutes (including membership verification time).

EDIT: I have talked to Microsoft about problems in their products such as Office 2007, even got a bug reported. While I eventually succeeded, the overall size and complexity of their products and organization hierarchy is daunting.
    
    
Title: How to change the buffer size of the Terminal in IntelliJ IDEA?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I wanted to know how to change the buffer size of the Terminal in IntelliJ IDEA? Can anyone help me which properties I should change?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The settings for the terminal window buffer size can be found in the IntelliJ registry. 

You can find the registry through ctrl+shift+A and type Reg (or from the menu Help-/ppcode/code/p/div
Answer 2: 

    
    
Unfortunately not for the terminal, but for the console in Intellij IDEA Ultimate 2019.1:


open "File" =&gt; "Settings..." =&gt; "Editor" =&gt; "General" =&gt; "Console"
activate "Override console cycle buffer size" from its default
value of 1024kB to your needs.
restart the IDE

    
    
Title: How can I open a resx file in Visual Studio XML editor by default?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I want the 'View Code' view by default (xml editor), so that I can use features in R# File Structure window.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    

Right Click on Resources File
Choose Open With
Select XML (Text) Editor or XML (Text) Editor with Encoding
On the right side of the dialog, click Set as Default

    
    
Title: Eclipse: How to share Java compiler errors/warnings settings across entire team
Description: 
    
    
                    
We are in the process of standardizing our default Eclipse configuration (styles, settings, dictionary, formatting, run configurations, etc.) for our developers.  

However, for Java compiler errors and warnings preferences, there does not seem to be any way to export/import settings.  Is there another way to do this?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The ideal way to share settings within the team (for use within the IDE) is to use project specific settings. The project specific settings become part of the project and go into source control repository, hence every team member gets them for free.

Most of the settings you mention in the question can be configured per project. 
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Eclipse allow you to export your preferences via


  File 
Answer 3: 

    
    
I've developed a maven plugin (called codecleaner) that spread pre-configured  eclipse settings for maven projects.  It is very usefull wehn you dont want to put eclipse settings under version control, or when you want to save the time for manulay add the settings for each of the projects

https://github.com/yonatanm/codecleaner

currently The codecleaner plugin update the following types of eclipse settings:


Code Formatter
Save Actions
Clean up settings
Compiler Error/Warning level
JSP/XML/XSD/HTML Validation

    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Create a common build file (using Ant/Maven). If you use Maven, you can even ensure that the same jars are used by everyone while compiling.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
In our team we use workspace mechanic to share the same workspace preferences by putting the preferences files on a shared drive. A small introduction can be read here.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
This can be fixed outside of Eclipse, starting with standardizing the build process as Amit mentioned. 

You might also want to consider a continuous integration system which builds every time someone commits code. This keeps everybody on their toes, preventing people from pushing broken code. Any compiler errors/warnings are visible to everyone.
    
    
