Title: Help with strange Delphi 5 IDE problems
Description: 
    
    
                    
Ok, I'm going nuts here.  For the last (almost) four years, I've been putting up with some extremely bad behavior from my Delphi 5 IDE.  Problems include:


Seemingly random errors in coride50.bpl
floating point errors on compiling
occasional deletions of my source code files
form and object sizes shifting between instances of working on them
Loss of links between files on compile: messages that it can't find a function even though it is explicitly referenced
The linker frequently fails to include valid .DFM files unless a full build is performed instead of a smaller compile


The biggest problem is that my boss isn't believing that this is happening without any user changes making these issues appear.  I've already wiped and reloaded Delphi fresh a couple of times, but that is not something I can do again right now.  Most of the issues listed can be easily recovered from (either reload the IDE or re-copy the files out of source control), but this is completely nuts.  I've eliminated all the warnings and hints from compile time, haven't covered them up.  I've done my best to follow Marco and Microsoft's best practices.  Is this just me?  Am I the crazy one?  How can I stop Delphi from causing these headaches anymore?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I have never seen any version of Delphi delete files under any circumstances.

Do you have any IDE plug-ins installed?  This would be my first guess.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Pretty sure it is a bad package.  If you can come up with steps that fail repeatedly (which I know is tough) then try removing 3rd party (or home grown) packages 1 at a time until it is fixed.  Then you at least know which package us causing the trouble.

Once you know what the troublesome package is, you can actually debug the design time code &amp; behavior of the component in Delphi.  Just set the Delphi exe as the debug application, and then Delphi will launch another instance of Delphi in debug mode.  Reproduce the steps that cause the failure, and hopefully you will get a good idea of what code in the package is causing the problem.  

Good luck!
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I've never heard of behavior like this from Delphi before.  A couple of things to look at:

Are you sure the memory on your machine is good?  Have you run Memtest on it??  The last couple of times I've encountered crazy behavior from a machine the culprit turned out to be the memory.

Beyond that, remember that anything you install into Delphi runs in the context of the IDE and if it's buggy it can mess up the IDE.  Even a component that writes to a wild pointer could do this to you.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
i used d5 for a long time &amp; never saw that.  i had some other strange things like you mention about needing to build rather than just compile.  i have that in d2009 as well.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Just a thought; pikcing up one of your comments about you having D5 and D7 installed, I'd suggest;

uninstall D7
uninstall D5

reinstall D5
install D5 3rd party components
service pack D5
reinstall D7
install D7 3rd party components
service pack D7

then try again, having done the trick of deleting all the .DCUs in your own project directories.

In my experience I've always been careful to stick to installing them 'in numerical order' and if one needs to be removed, I usually end up removing them all before I start reinstalling.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
GExperts ToDo list window... close it or any other GExperts Windows.. Watch the Task Manager for memory increasing and then stopping after you close any windows.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Pretty much out of Delphi 5.0 these days.  But I do recall it was important to have the latest Build for various reasons.  Do you have it??  Go Help-/p/div
Answer 8: 

    
    
Which OS are you using?  If it's Windows 7, perhaps there are incompatibilities with Delphi 5, since it's a bit long in the tooth now.  Perhaps you could try running Delphi 5 in a XP VM. 
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
Since you had no problems with Delphi 7, is there any reason for not migrating this application to Delphi 7? It shouldn't be difficult to do, unless you have some third party components with no source.
    
    
Title: What to replace FrontPage with?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I use FrontPage for two different tasks; authoring html help and authoring a couple of websites. The websites don't require a lot of stuff -- they are there to disseminate a bit of information to a couple of small audiences.

FrontPage has been quick and easy for these tasks. WYSIWYG is good for these jobs and I like being able to click on links to quickly bring up other pages in the editor.

I've been exploring all sorts of options. tools that work online such as Kompozer make editing the html help difficult (at least, I haven't found a way around) and other html-level tools are just too much work. Tried nVu, Kompozer, Aptama, Komodo, Bluefish and so far, unless I'm missing something, I'm not sold on any of them.

I'm about to take a look at SeaMonkey but wondering if anybody has any recommendations. Or should I go back and look at those other tools again -- maybe I missed something?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Notepad++
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I think the natural upgrade path would be Microsoft Expression Web.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
People still use FrontPage?

I switched a couple of years back to DreamWeaver and never looked back.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Something to consider is that you could deploy these sites as wikis (which don't have to be publically editable) and edit them directly on the web in your browser. This would give you the ability to click around and do pretty much wysiwyg edits. It would also make it easier to maintain larger collections of data and to make new pages. You also don't really have to do any HTML at all because wikis mostly come pre-HTMLed (and CSSed and Javascripted), you just need to fill in the content.

I should note that this won't work if your webpages are deployed statically on a restrictive shared hosting account, but even most shared hosting supports installing things like wikis these days, so hopefully this is something you can look into.

I should also note that this probably isn't the best way to do local HTML help files, but if the HTML help is online, this is probably still a good choice.

I'm making this community wiki so others can add links to other wikis if they like or add more info on why you might want to or not want to use a wiki for this purpose.

Some wikis to consider:


MediaWiki - The wiki behind wikipedia
MoinMoin - Implemented in Python and popular in that community.
TiddlyWiki - Implemented in Javascript and runs on a single page. This is probably the most different wiki that's out there. Some love it, some hate it.

    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
NVU  and Kompozer both are best suited for you. NVU is my personal choice. Choose your poison. :)
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
FrontPage has been replaced by SharedPoint Designed in the Office suite.

You could also use Microsoft Expression Web if you can have it.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Drewamweaver or MS's Visual Studio/Web Developer Express will do the trick.  They're both overkill (especially MS's tools).  

I also think MS has (free) HTMLHelp.  It's out there, but I don't know if it'll produce the files you need.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
It depends on what kind of pages you are designing. If you are using Adobe Flash, Dreamweaver would be the best option but I would recommend "Microsoft Visual Web Developer Express". I am currently using it and totally love it from the bottom of my heart. 
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
I'd say Dreamweaver, but last time I looked there was still bloated code, not as bad as the MX days mind.

Smashing Magazine has a list of WYSIWYG tools that would be worth a look : 
http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2008/05/06/25-wysiwyg-editors-reviewed/

I persuaded my friend to ditch Dreamweaver for NetBeans, took a week or so but I got a pint out of that :)
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
You might look into Aptana (http://aptana.org) which should provide everything you need. I think it even has a WYSIWYG editor, though I would really recommend learning html instead.
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
I would use Notepad++ for the simpler things, and Dreamweaver when working with other Adobe products. Notepad++ is simple and has a lot of great features. Dreamweaver is huge and will take some getting used to. 
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
Try dokuwiki. I've implemented a wiki/manual/documentation for my app in a week. It's very simple n easy installing. You just need PHP, no database (mysql), the information is stored on files. Give it a try.

My wiki implemented wiki doku: wiki.vigo.com.br
    
    
Answer 13: 

    
    
Microsoft Visual Web Developer Express perhaps?  http://www.microsoft.com/express/vwd/

Works well, and it's free!
    
    
Answer 14: 

    
    
Something similar to FrontPage is Adobe Contribute. It does cost $199, but if you're looking for something as simple as FrontPage, it may be a good option for you.

A freelancer web designer I work with will setup clients who want to make simple HTML edits to their sites with it and they've all been pretty happy. They're all non-technical people.
    
    
Answer 15: 

    
    
Dreamweaver is good, but however using the WYSIWYG may have problems getting consistency when viewing between IE, firefox and safari. 
    
    
Title: Finding a words in all files of a project in IntelliJ IDEA
Description: 
    
    
                    
How can I find a word in all file in IntelliJ IDEA project?
In EclipseIDE, Ctrl+H and search file.
Is there any shortcut?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
On my Mac, it's cmd+shift+f.

You can see which shortcut it is in your machine by navigating to Edit/Find/Find in Path
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Select your project and:

Ctrl + Shift + F should do.


    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
On the main menu, choose Edit | Find | Find in Path, or press Ctrl+Shift+F

It's all described in the IntelliJ IDEA Help section.


    
    
Title: ssh-key used by git Android Studio
Description: 
    
    
                    
I need to connect to an organization, and therefore need to provide a public ssh-key. However, I am unsure which ssh-key is in use by Android Studio. 
I find myself confused because of the various ssh-options in Android Studio.

Does it simply use the only one generated by my current git-installation?

Pictures added for illustration. These files seem to correspond, and were created upon installation of the GitHub windows-client, but according to GitHub itself, has never been utilized. 

Local ssh-file

ssh-file on github

ex. /users/$name/.ssh/github_rsa.pub
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
For Mac users having trouble with ssh keys, I had to switch Android Studio to my "Native" SSH executable. Then it worked. See screenshot. 


    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
A device has only one ssh-key for authenticating with GitHub.

So in this case, I needed to use the key generated by my GitHub-client, which authed all other programs using git from this client.
    
    
Title: What are the most important IDE features missing in Vim?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have been programming almost exclusively in Vim since 1/1/2001, and I feel that Vim fulfulls all my needs as an editor/IDE, but I can't help but wonder if perhaps there have been some new killer features developed for other IDEs in the last decade that would allow me to be more productive than I can be using Vim. So I ask: What are the most important IDE features missing in Vim??
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    

Integrated debugging with all the fanciness that Visual Studio/Eclipse provide (thread debugging, etc etc)
Autocomplete with inline documentation support for methods/properties
Build and run from 'within' the editor application

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I miss the excellent refactoring support and code tips from tools such as Resharper. Regexs are powerful for code modification, but understanding the code as Resharper does is just a tad better IMO. 

Fortunately I can get both Resharper and Vim in Visual Studio so I am happy.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
The real question is: what do VIM have that IDEs are missing.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I find that refactoring would be a real nice thing to have. Changing a java package name in vim with lots of source files can be pretty cumbersome.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Originally the refactoring was the killer feature that made us switch from Emacs.  I have now used Eclipse extensively for Java for the last 6 years, and I expect any replacement to have:


Refactoring:  Rename variables, functions, change method signatures (including all calls to it).   
Debugging:  "You are here" "Your current variables are" plus stuff like "go to the defined class for this object" or "go to the actual type for this object".   I belive the latter requires quite a bit of integration between debugger and editor.
Code replacement while debugging.  Change code, press Ctrl-S and the code in your debugging session is updated with what you just changed.  A killer feature for big programs.
Navigation:  Simple navigation of class hierarchy (please show me all implementations of this method in this interface and similar). 
Javadoc integration - Eclipse can show javadoc just by hovering the mouse over an identifier.


Plus some more :)



Edit: I occasionally miss the Emacs functionality inside Eclipse, but the Eclipse editor has become stronger so it is not so bad anymore.  In this regard the Save Action allowing a Format at every save was a killer.  This ensures that changes show up properly in the source repository.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Search in files: In most editors, there is a separate window doing the search in files, and simultaneously editing can continue on the main window. The search results are updated as and when they are found. Also the current results can be viewed by clicking on it, even when the searching is ongoing, without waiting for the entire search to be completed.(whereas in cim one has to wait till vimgrep/ctags has finished to view the results)

This is particularly useful for search in large number of files. 

So basically something like a search in background and simultaneously show results which can be clicked on to view them simultaneously.
(something like Microsoft Visual Studio 6.0 does)
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
The things I missed were code completion and debugging. That's why I started using eclim http://eclim.sourceforge.net/index.html so I could use vim for what it does best and eclipse when I actually need it. Try it out - it's a fantastic combination.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
It's like the old question "What's worn under a kilt?" 

Answer: "Nothing. Everything's in perfect working order!". 

But seriously, I'd like to see a more intuitive (easy to use) help system added to Vim.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
There is nothing missing in Vim that an IDE has. The only thing we could argue about is; Vim needs to be customized and IDE comes out of the box.

Let me comment the other answeres and how to solve such "needs".


build


As mentioned, use :make and learn how to customize it.


refactoring


Use the very well known ropevim (for Python), it makes a great reafactoring tool. You won't need more than that. There are many others, search for your language.


Autocompletion


I use this snippet together with mapping to TAB (I think supertab plugin does that)

" python stuff
python &lt;&lt; EOF
import os
import sys
import vim
for p in sys.path:
    if os.path.isdir(p):
        vim.command(r"set path+=%s" % (p.replace(" ", r"\ ")))
EOF

" tags for python libs
set tags+=~/.vim/tags/python.ctags

autocmd FileType python,mako set omnifunc=pythoncomplete#Complete
autocmd FileType html,mako set omnifunc=htmlcomplete#Complete
autocmd FileType html,mako set omnifunc=htmlcomplete#CompleteTags
autocmd FileType mako set filetype=mako.html.js



Help system


in Vim is perfect, you just have to learn it's system. It has it's own conventions how are things organized.


Debugging


I don't know for other languages than Python, but running pdb and !python % does it's job.
    
    
Title: Resharper Compared with Visual Studio 2010
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've heard that Visual Studio 2010 = Visual Studio 2008 + Resharper.  I'd like to know how true that is.  I don't want to start using Resharper to accomplish superficial things, nor to accomplish things that VS 2010 now already handles.  I'm sure Resharper 5.1.X offers features that VS 2010 does not have, but which of those - in your opinion - represent the true value-adds?  Which of those "truly-valuable" features are available only in the licensed copy?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Resharper adds alot to VS2010. Just check out this comparison matrix.


  I'm sure Resharper 5.1.X offers features that VS 2010 does not have, but which of those - in your opinion - represent the true value-adds? Which of those "truly-valuable" features are available only in the licensed copy?


All features are available in a non-licensed (demo) copy. Check out this post of what single feature people like about Resharper.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
This is a 'joke' based on the fact that Microsoft supposedly released a screenshot of 2010 with ReSharper UI visible.

VS.Net 2010 definitely does not go any way towards making ReSharper redundant!
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I know this is slightly off topic. However, as a response to whether VS2010 is making Resharper redundant;

I've upgraded ReSharper from 5.1 to 6 roughly 1 month after release. It got slower. To the point when I have to Suspend it occasionally - particularly when doing lots of work on JavaScript, CSS or larger template files (Razor). Sad thing is it just gets slower.

At home, I'm using just a plain VS2010 Professional without any add-ons. And it just feels like a breeze - everything is responsive and there are no hiccups when copy pasting (during manual re factoring). Admittedly at work I have T4MVC and Chirpy installed along Resharper.

Feature wise, what I'm using in ReSharper:


Auto usings (alt + Enter)
Cannot use auto include references as it gets it wrong 80% of the time
Refactor: initialize member variable from constructor parameter
Refactor: replace with LinQ expression


Sadly that's about it. In light of this, because of the slowdowns I'm considering dropping ReSharper altogether. This is my grievances:


Delay every time I copy a piece of code in order to move it - anything from half a second to 2 seconds. Please note the delay increases with project / solution size
Auto completion in JavaScript and CSS: 95% of the time it inserts code I don't want - in particular () after selecting an object property. Getting fed up having to delete the brackets each time
class name and id suggestion. This happens in CSS as well as Razor template. It will try to insert an existing class name / html id when you are in fact creating a new one. It will do this whenever you press space. Instead you have to press escape.
Pasting code. Again when refactoring manually and code is moved from one class to another it will keep pestering you with all missing usings. First you have to press Escape for "Insert all missing usings" and then once for every occurrence of a class without a reference. Usually you want to change something upon pasting code but this feature makes code unreadable with all the popups.


I could go on abut the things I find annoying with ReSharper. Not trying to offend any die-hard productivity tool enthusiasts, bottom line is VS2010 is on it's own a very decent IDE and a lot of ReSharper features can be found within it - though not always intuitively. 

If you are just learning C# ReSharper is a great tool that helps you organize your code better. But if you've been working with .NET for a while you will most likely find it intrusive and hampering productivity on some occasions.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Re#er still got much stronger code check and refactoring options.
    
    
Title: How to get eclipse to recognize preprocessor statements?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've managed to get the IDE to compile the java project correctly by modifying the config.ini, but the IDE itself is still showing errors concerning the processor statements:

//#ifdef VER_X
public class Video extends FirstCanvas {
//#else
public class Video extends SecondCanvas {
//#endif
...


Is there a setting or a plug-in that would solve this?

EDIT: Maybe a little clarification: I'm looking for something that will make the IDE editor more compliant with the code. It won't let me follow any definitions because of what the editor THINKS are errors.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
A more OO approach to this would use separate classes, selecting between them at runtime:

public class FirstVideo extends FirstCanvas {
   ...
}

public class SecondVideo extends SecondCanvas {
   ...
}

...
video = (something ? new FirstVideo() : new SecondVideo());


This does not require non-standard compilation steps to achieve and doesn't open the door to the eldritch horrors of C/C++ preprocessor directives.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Using a preprocessor is never necessary (nor advisable) in java.  It is far better to configure Subversion (or your favorite source manager) to pull in the correct version of various java files that are unique to each application and to reference platform neutral bridge classes (which extend the correct platform classes brought in via subversion) instead of referencing platform specific classes directly from global classes that are shared by multiple platforms.  However, sometimes the need for a java preprocessor is forced upon us due to its extensive use in pre-existing code that is being repurposed.  (For example, making a new Android version of an existing Blackberry application.)  If you find yourself in that situation, then here is how to use a preprocessor in your java code inside of Eclipse:

Install the Antenna plug-in:

Make sure that you have everything that you've been working on in Eclipse saved.

Go to "Help" in top menu in Eclipse and click on "Install New Software..." option.

Click on the "Add..." button.

Put "Antenna" in the "Name:" edit box and "http://antenna.sf.net/update" in the "Location:" edit box, then click on the "OK" button.

Expanded the "Uncategorized" plugin group,  check the checkbox for "Antenna eclipse plugins" (Version 1.1.8), then "click" on the Next button.

Click on the "Finish" button.

If a security warning pops up, then click on the "OK" button.

Make sure that you close any other instances of Eclipse that you have running, then click on the "Yes" button to restart this instance of Eclipse.

Mark the project as processible by Antenna:

Create the project, if needed.

Right click on the project.

Click on the "Antenna Preprocessor" option located about three quarters of the down on the pop-up menu, if it does not already have a check mark next to it.

Make sure the device.xml file used by Antenna is located in the correct folder.

HERE IS AN EXAMPLE device.xml FILE:

&lt;?xml version="1.0" encoding="ISO-8859-1" standalone="yes" ?&gt; 

&lt;devices&gt;
 &lt;device supportsPolishGui="true"&gt;
  &lt;capability name="android" value="true" /&gt;
  &lt;capability name="sqlite" value="true" /&gt;
  &lt;identifier&gt;Android&lt;/identifier&gt; 
  &lt;features&gt;isVirtual&lt;/features&gt; 
  &lt;groups&gt;XT&lt;/groups&gt; 
  &lt;/device&gt;
&lt;/devices&gt;


For Android this is '"project"/resources' and for Blackberry this is '"project"/res'.
(Android only wants Android specific files in the "project"/res folder.)

Set up Antenna for the project:

Select the project by clicking on it.

Go to Project-
Answer 3: 

    
    
I disagree, precompiler directives could be quite useful from a Security standpoint. It's never a good idea to leave debug code in product that goes to release. This is because anyone can start inspecting memory and changing things, and suddenly the inner workings of your code are there for an attacker to inspect. But removing debug code makes finding problems down the road considerably more difficult. Being able to #ifdef out debug code so that it is never put into the release jar would be extremely useful. 

That being said, no you can'd do this in Java. 

Charles.
    
    
Title: IntelliJ IDEA bold fonts after update to 14.1
Description: 
    
    
                    
on Ubuntu(12.04)
After update IDE to latest version(Build: 141.178.9) from 14.0

All fonts in menu\file names\contexmenu become BOLD




    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
After playing with settings
I have rewrite default font, and set "DejaVu Sans" instead of "Ubuntu" 

Settings-/strong/ppimg src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/pGtg1.jpg" alt="enter image description here"/pp/p/div
Title: How can I change the mouse&#39;s i-beam cursor in Xcode?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I use a dark background when I code in xcode 5.0.2 and maybe I'm just getting old but it makes it really hard to see the cursor when hovering over text.

I tried the solution on this question:
Changing the mouse&#39;s i-beam cursor in Xcode 4

but it had no effect unfortunately.

Any suggestions?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
For me, it was as per the post you referenced, at the location: 

/Applications/Xcode.app/Contents/SharedFrameworks/DVTKit.framework/Versions/A/Resources/DVTIbeamCursor.png


The issue I had however, was that the file had been named as: 

DVTl (lowercase 'L'), rather than DVTI (uppercase 'I').
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Here is a working fix for Xcode 9 (mac Sierra 10.12.6), using Mousecape:


Download Mousecape here
Download the cursor here. (this is the DVTIbeamCursor.tiff file built for Mousecape) 
Run Mousecape and import the cursor 
Apply the cursor 


Unfortunately the modified cursor will be lost after a reboot. 
To fix that do the following: 


Right-click on the Mousecape app and select "Show package
content" 
look for the .app file at: Mousecape.app/Contents/Library/LoginItems/com.alexzielenski.mousecloakhelper.app
Manually add this app to your login items and you'll be all set

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Here's the solution you'll find by using the link that @aldryd provided in the comments to the answer. GitHub user sokobania provides the following steps:


  Step 1: 


Download ThemeEngine from: https://github.com/alexzielenski/ThemeEngine


  Step 2:


Run ThemeEngine in Xcode and you may be presented with a few errors.


Failed to code sign "ThemeEngine".  


Just click Fix Issue

Nullability specifier '_Nonnull' cannot be applied to non-pointer type 'NSString'; did you mean to apply the specifier to the pointer?


Allow Xcode to Resolve




  Step 3:


We'll need to remove some derived data from Embedded Binaries. Click your root application 
Answer 4: 

    
    
Haven't been able to get this to work in xcode 8.  What I eventually ended up doing is just setting the background color in the editor to dark dark gray instead of black (#222222 or #111111) and it's helped tremendously.
    
    
Title: Why I&#39;m not warned of this problem?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Suppose I have two classes defined the following way:

public class A {

   public A() {
      foo();
   }

   public void foo() {
      System.out.println("A");
   }
}

public class B extends A {

   private String bar;

   public B() {
      bar = "bar";
   }

   @Override
   public void foo() {
      System.out.println(bar);
   }

}


And then i instantiate B the following way:

A test = new B();


So why can't the compiler respectively the IDE warn me that there will be a NullPointer in the foo method of B? That wouldn't be to difficult to check and sometimes very useful.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
While this is a design error, it's not a grammatical error.
Here's some quote from Effective Java 2nd Edition, Item 17: Design and document for inheritance, or else prohibit it:

There are a few more restrictions that a class must obey to allow inheritance. Constructors must not invoke overridable methods, directly or indirectly. If you violate this rule, program failure will result. The superclass constructor runs before the subclass constructor, so the overriding method in the subclass will be invoked before the subclass constructor has run. If the overriding method depends on any initialization performed by the subclass constructor, the method will not behave as expected.

An obedient compiler would let it compile just fine, since it is linguistically legal. Fortunately, code analysis tools can be used to find these design errors, e.g. findbugs:

UR: Uninitialized read of field method called from constructor of superclass (UR_UNINIT_READ_CALLED_FROM_SUPER_CONSTRUCTOR)
This method is invoked in the constructor of of the superclass. At this point, the fields of the class have not yet initialized.

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
That's a classic gotcha. Don't use instance methods in constructors.

You may want to look at PMD, esp. the "ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod" rule.

http://pmd.sourceforge.net/rules/design.html
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
What goes wrong is this: you are calling the foo method in the constructor of A, but at the moment you are calling it, the object is not fully constructed yet. The constructor of B has not yet executed, so bar still has the default value null. This demonstrates why it is a bad idea to call non-final instance methods from a constructor.

The Java compiler doesn't warn for this - it warns for some constructs, but the first purpose of the compiler is to compile your code, it's not really meant to be a very sophisticated code analysis tool.

You can use a static code analysis tool like FindBugs or PMD to find problems like this in your code.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
And said father Josh Bloch in his tome Effective Java:

Thou shalt not call virtual methods from a constructor in Java.

That can lead to the exact problem you are observing. At the time of  calling B.foo(), B is not yet initialized, so B.bar is null.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
In general, the compiler will not try to prove the null-ness of fields.  It will do this for local variables, but there are simply too many ways to change the value of a field (i.e. serialization, reflection, or other trickery) for it to do a thorough job.

You should try to declare fields final if possible, which does help a lot for this and many other things.  Alternatively, write your code to defend against nulls (i.e. "Test".equals(foo) instead of foo.equals("Test") or explicit null checks)
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
It's not the compiler's job to check for all kinds of "not too difficult to check" stuff that might or might not be a programming error (and there are hundreds of these).

Arguably, an IDE might mark this with a configurable warning, but again, there is too much stuff like this, and if the IDE had to check it all during on-demand compilation, it would slow down everyday work too much.

This is really the kind of thing static style checkers like FindBugs are meant for. And - surprise! - it has a check for exactly this condition:

UR: Uninitialized read of field method called from constructor of superclass 
    
    
Title: What is the most Interesting and innovative IDE?
Description: 
    
    
                    
As every programmer knows tools are important and there is no tool more important for a developer than the IDE you use to code. In the last few years the IDE-s fall into standards and it is not common to see innovation in this area. What IDE-s you can recommend as innovative and what new ideas and paradigms they introduced?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I haven't used this but saw the demo video yesterday. The IDE is called code bubbles and has a unique way of showing and grouping related code together.

That said I find the intellitrace feature in Visual Studio 2010 quite innovative.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
This is by far the coolest set of coding tools yet!  

http://vimeo.com/36579366
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Palm's Project Ares: http://ares.palm.com/Ares/about.html

It's the IDE for the Palm webOS phones, that runs entirely as a web app. You build and run your app inside the browser, and when you're done, you deploy straight to the cloud.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I'd put my bet on Meta Programming System by Jetbrains. The concept is not new but it's the first time it has been implemented on such a huge scale with great IDE support. You create a DSL first, then write programs in that DSL and finally generate code in a target language.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I'll go for Scratch, though I wouldn't want to write a banking system using it :-)
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Some cool videos of structured editor prototype that will let you directly code the AST.

This is a prototype only and I have no idea if it is still being developed.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
One interesting IDE I have seen only on video is Code Bubbles. It opens code snippets as a graph of visual "bubbles". It is really interesting and definitely something I want to try.
    
    
Title: A good-enough Linux IDE for Groovy/Grails code completion?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there a good development IDE for Groovy/Grails code completion under Linux?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The best one is IntelliJ IDEA (IMHO).
Then comes Eclipse and Netbeans.
But anyway, code completion isn't a strong point of those IDEs because of groovy's dynamic nature.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Eclipse with the Groovy Plugin?

http://groovy.codehaus.org/Eclipse+Plugin

The SpringSource Tool Suite (STS) provides Grails integration:

http://grails.org/STS+Integration

Although I've read that the best IDE with support for Groovy/Grails is IntelliJ.  See:

http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/features/groovy_grails.html
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I am currently using Netbeans 6.7 Beta on Ubuntu for Grails development. This setup is very usable in general. The only problem I have is that code completion is very slow.

Does anyone else have this problem? Is it because of the dynamic nature of Grails?
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
SpringSource Tool Suite
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
check also netbeans groovy/grails plugin
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I am a die-hard Eclipse user but have to say, try IDEA for Groovy/Grails support.  It is much better that the current Eclipse plugin.
    
    
Title: &ldquo;CERT_UNTRUSTED&rdquo; error in Atom
Description: 
    
    
                    
When I try to view, update, or download any packages in GitHub's Atom, I receive a "CERT_UNTRUSTED" error. I am behind a corporate firewall.

Is there a way to disable NPM's strict SSL settings inside Atom to allow it to handle packages?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
As described here, Atom's own package manager is called APM. Add the following line to its configuration file "~/.atom/.apmrc" (creating the file if it doesn't exist):

strict-ssl = false

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
If you are using node 0.10.34, this could be the issue https://github.com/joyent/node/issues/8894

Recommend using v0.10.33 for now.
    
    
Title: Any IDE supporting SBT?
Description: 
    
    
                    
is any IDE supporting SBT in a proper way (like Maven for example)? Because I've found a lot of tools that generate IDE-related configuration files but I haven't found any plugins that give any support of SBT interaction form within IDE.

I want to make an IDE-agnostic project based on SBT, but also I want to be able to use full spectrum of features that IDE provide and not just use it as an editor and do all the other stuff from console.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Does Intellij fit the bill ? It has an SBT plugin (and a Scala plugin, obviously!)
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I know this isn't exactly what you're looking for, but putting it here as a work-around for working with SBT in eclipse for whoever is interested.

SBT generates eclipse config files, but after you import it, it works fine from within eclipse. You just need to set up the project for the first time outside of Eclipse, run SBT to resolve dependencies, generate eclipse structure using the eclipse sbt plugin and import into Eclipse. After that, you can run the code directly from Eclipse and it works fine.

Here're the steps in detail:


Create the folder structure as follows:

Create a file called plugins.sbt in the project folder and add the following line to it:

addSbtPlugin("com.typesafe.sbteclipse" % "sbteclipse-plugin" % "2.1.0")

Create build.sbt in the root directory i.e. ScalaSBTProject with content similar to the following. I'm using akka here, but add and remove libraries as you require:

name := "ScalaSBTProject"

version := "1.0"

scalaVersion := "2.10.0-RC2"

resolvers += "Typesafe Repository" at "http://repo.typesafe.com/typesafe/releases/"

libraryDependencies += "com.typesafe.akka" % "akka-cluster-experimental_2.10.0-RC2" % "2.1.0-RC2"

Open command prompt and run sbt in the directory ScalaSBTProject. SBT will download and resolve whatever dependencies are required
Run the command eclipse at the SBT command line. This will generate all the eclipse related project files
Import ScalaSBTProject into Eclipse using File-&gt;Import-&gt;Existing Project to workspace, and make sure you check Import into workspace


EDIT: Just as a Post-Script, you can quite easily create a batch file to take the name of the project and generate the eclipse compatible project, just a way to speed up the process.
    
    
Title: Autocompletion in dynamic language IDEs, specifically Python in PyDev
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm new to Python, with a background in statically typed languages including lots and lots of Java.

I decided on PyDev in eclipse as an IDE after checking features/popularity etc.

I was stunned that auto-complete doesn't seem to work properly for builtins. For example if I try automcomplete on datafile after:

datafile = open(directory+"/"+account, 'r')
datafile.

No useful methods are suggested (e.g. realines). Only things like call.

I am used to learning a language by jumping into class definitions and using lots of auto-complete to quickly view what a class will do. My PyDev 'interpreter' is set up fine with 'forced builtins'.

Is it possible to get auto-complete for builtins with PyDev? Am I approaching the IDE wrong, i.e. should have an interpreter running on the side and test stuff with it? So far the IDEs have seemed weak, e.g. IDLE segfaulted on my new mac after 2 minutes. I'd love to know what experienced Python developers do when exploring unfamiliar (builtin) modules, as this is making me reconsider my initial attraction to Python. I like a language you can learn by easy exploration!

Thanks,
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
In my opinion, the Python shell is a much better place to explore new modules than relying on an IDE. Don't forget, in Python you can do anything in the shell that you can do in a program, because there's no separate compilation step. And in the shell, you can use dir(x) to find all the properties and methods of x, whether x is a module, a class, or whatever.

Even better, the enhanced iPython shell does provide tab completion for all objects.

In fact because of this, many Python programmers - myself included - don't use an IDE at all, but just a simple text editor (I use VIM). 
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Just to keep it up to date so that new readers are not confused about the current state of Pydev - the example you gave now works in Pydev. (btw, one should avoid operating on paths manualy - use os.path.join instead)
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    

  I'd love to know what experienced
  Python developers do when exploring
  unfamiliar (builtin) modules


I use ipython.   Ipython is an enhanced version of the interactive shell that adds tab completion and quick access to an object's doctstring. It also gives lots of other features that the standard shell does not have - you can find a summary of its features here.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Someone more knowledgeable here can give you a detailed answer. Here is a short one. 

Autocomplete for a dynamically typed language can by nature never be as rich as that for a statically typed language. In the case of open for instance there is no way to figure out what will be the return type at the time of writing the code. The method signature does not include a return type unlike a statically typed language like Java. Consequently the IDE is not able to give you any hints.

You certainly should have an REPL running during any Python development. One advantage of an interpreted language is that you can test small chunks of your code on the REPL as you go along. It is also a good place to test your understanding of how built-ins and other modules work.

I work on Ubuntu so I do not know how easy or difficult it is to get IDLE running on a Mac. I usually work with the very handy iPython for REPL needs and use Pydev for other development (such as Django). You might want to give iPython a try.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
You want IPython. As Daniel pointed out above, the interactive shell is a much better way to explore Python (and indeed, most other languages too).

This might help with setting it up on OSX.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
You might want to take a look at WingIDE. It autocompletes your datafile correctly.

If it is unable to infer the type, you can use an assert like

assert isinstance(datafile, file)


to help the autocompleter out
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I use PyDev at work so I know where you're coming from.  If you're willing to consider other tools, have a look at JetBrains' PyCharm, that's my new preferred Python IDE for my own projects.  No affiliation to speak of except to say I'll be picking it up when it's out of beta.  :)
    
    
Title: How do I install Imagick on C9.io: an online IDE?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've tried out various things, yet have not found out how to make it work.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I was looking for a solution to this as well. I posted this question on the Cloud9 Community about it. Thanks to information from there and from here, I finally got it working in my C9 workspace. :)

Here are the steps that worked for me:

1. Update apt-get packages inside the C9 terminal

$ sudo apt-get update 


2. Install imagemagick command-line tools via apt-get

$ sudo apt-get install imagemagick


3. Install php5-imagick module via apt-get

$ sudo apt-get install php5-imagick


You can then confirm the php5-imagick module is installed with:

$ php -m 

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I see the answer here kinda broken into many posts.  the command in the Cloud 9 terminal is "sudo apt-get install imagemagick"

once it is installing you will get a message asking =/pp/p/div
Answer 3: 

    
    
In my case, entering:

$ sudo apt-get install imagemagick  

resulted in the following response:


  Package imagemagick is not available, but is referred to by another package.
    This may mean that the package is missing, has been obsoleted, or
    is only available from another source
  
  E: Package 'imagemagick' has no installation candidate


By first updating the apt-get packages inside the C9 terminal as suggested by bou2you:

$ sudo apt-get update

I was then able to execute the install imagemagick command-line tools via apt-get:

$ sudo apt-get install imagemagick
    
    
Title: Cursor not visible in code blocks?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I changed the background color of my code blocks editor to black, ever since i am not able to see my cursor, I tried to figure out which particular entity in settings-
Answer 1: 

    
    
Go to Settings-
Title: Automatically reformat long-lined Java code to 80 columns and still compile? [duplicate]
Description: 
    
    
                        
            
        
            
                
                    
                        This question already has answers here:
                        
                    
                
            
                    
                        Stand-alone Java code formatter/beautifier/pretty printer? [closed]
                            
                                (9 answers)
                            
                    
                Closed 5 years ago.
        


    

My team is developing Java code in a couple different IDEs, with differing numbers of columns.  It's worked well so far, but we've been asked to deliver compilable code to a partner with the source limited to 80 columns.  We'd like to do this as a professional courtesy, but we're not able/willing to work with 80-column limited code on a day to day basis.  Are there any tools available that will take Java code, and intelligently add line breaks so that it fits within 80 characters and still compiles correctly?  Ideally, I'd like it to be one more automated step in our build process, to go recursively through our source directory for .java files and produce a copy with the new formatting.

I'm not interested in the virtues of 80-column code or editors that do or don't word wrap, just in seeing whether there is a quick fix that will make everyone happy without anyone having to change the way they do things.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
It's not as automated as you like, but in Eclipse you could define an 80-column profile (Preferences -
Answer 2: 

    
    
Intellij and eclipse and almost any IDE will do that. But...

Maybe you want to ask yourself if you want to automate that, even if you do that in an automated way, let's say maven, the code could be break up in a way it's harder to read than it was before, it can be breaking in the middle of an important line or method and you don't want that even if it compiles.

What we have done in the past is set a couple of .xml file with the settings of eclipse or intellij (they both allow you to export the settings), then with maven use the checkstyle plugin to enforce developers to have this settings; it will allow you to do it in a day by day basis always with a developer deciding when the code should break the line.

And lastly, maybe you want to use 100 or 120, they are the new 80.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I would suggest using code formater in Eclipse to get the 80 columns issue taken care of.

Then to make sure you're not missing anything - take a look at checkstyle to see that you're adhering to those standards
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Any modern IDE will auto-reformat according to your preferred style, but I would only do this on code that's seriously unformatted, else it can wind up looking less readable.  In particular if the original author did a lot of custom formatting for clarity, the result will lose it.  

And I second the suggestion to move to 100-120 characters.  The 80 character limit was suitable for CRT terminals (24 lines x 80 columns), and for the 1928 IBM punch card standard.
    
    
Title: In what order does Class Completion put its results?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Example: I create a new unit, declare a class with several methods like constructor, destructor, method1, method2, method3 in that order and then hit Ctrl-Shift-C.
The IDE creates all the method bodies automatically, but the order is mixed up and not as it was declared in the interface section.

Now, this is not a problem, but is there a reason for it. It seems to be more difficult to mix that up than to just do it in the order of the declaration.

Or is there some rule to it that makes sense which I cannot see?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
This is a bit complicated to answer since it is dependent on how your methods are already arranged. 

If they're already implemented in alphabetical order, it will try and maintain that. If the IDE cannot infer any kind of order, it resorts to dropping them at the end of the file. 

There is another wrinkle where, by convention, if you include a comment in the form: { &lt;ClassName&gt; } before the first block of implemented method and then use that comment to delineate all subsequent class implementations, it will attempt to keep the methods grouped together. 

The alphabetical ordering follows the same rules above, except it may inject the new methods into that logical block delineated by the indicated comment.

If you use class-completion with a brand new class, you'll notice that the IDE will automatically generate that delineating comment. 

If you let class completion auto-arrange the methods and only use the Ctrl+Shift+UpAr key to navigate between a method's implementation and the declaration, the ordering should be less important. 

Typically, I'll jump to the class decl using the above key-sequence, then use the arrow keys to go to the method in the decl I want, and then use that key-sequence again to quickly get to it. 

Another nice key-sequence is the Ctrl+Alt+UpAr or Ctrl+Alt+DnAr which will quickly jump from method impl to method impl in file-order.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
By default, I'm pretty sure it tries to create them in alphabetical order by method name, and then tries to keep to this when more methods are added afterwards using the same method. The end result can be a bit of a random mix on ordering.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
From my experience I find that some times the IDE creates the methods in alphabetical order, but other times it just append the new methods to the end of the file.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
The IDE tries to create everything in alpahabetical order. But, if the methods become out of sequence (eg you rename a method) it gets in a muddle. The exact behaviour seems to depend on the version. Older versions would simply append the new method to the end of the file in any order. Newer versions seem a bit cleverer, but I haven't worked out exactly how yet.
    
    
Title: Using tabs alone for indentation in Emacs
Description: 
    
    
                    
I love Emacs but don't like how it does indentation: either an uncontrollable mix of tabs-and-spaces or just spaces ((setq indent-tabs-mode nil)).

I want Emacs to do do indentation:


With tabs alone.
Do the indentation to a fixed number of places (not 6 sometimes, 8 other times and 4 in some other places).
Be able to set one level of indentation as being equal to 4 (or 2) spaces.
If I change the value of the tab stop, all newly-opened or reloaded files should use the new value (or can this change be affected only by re-starting Emacs?)


Is all of the above possible? Some settings in .emacs or a package?

Most IDEs (e.g. Eclipse) offer the above.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
smart tabs would insert tabs and spaces contextually.

Personally I only use spaces for both indentation and alignment (at least for my own projects). Here is another article on emacswiki I found very useful about the topic 
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
For C/C++/Java, you could try adding to your mode hook an identical tab-width, indent-level and c-basic-offet:

(defun my-c-mode-common-hook ()
  (setq c-indent-level 3
    c-brace-offset -3)
  (setq c-basic-offset 3)
  (setq-default tab-width 3)
  (setq tab-width 3))

(add-hook 'c-mode-common-hook 'my-c-mode-common-hook)


This makes it so when you're in cc-mode, tabs and indenting are equal so emacs will always choose tabs over spaces. See also Indenting C

The tab-width can be set elsewhere and you can apply it to other modes in conjunction with indent length variables like python's python-indent.



Edit:

Actually, it looks like kindahero's link pretty much does this: http://www.emacswiki.org/SmartTabs
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I use tabs for indentation. But when someone else using a different editor, they could see that the indentation is gone. So, you can select the piece of code that you indented using tabs and run "M-x untabify". This replaces the tabs with white space, so the first said issue won't be there for the users using a different editor.
    
    
Title: Issue with setting up my playframework application with Eclipse
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am new to playframework and after eclipsifying my application and importing it into eclipse, I noticed that all jar dependencies are listed at the root of my app as shown on the following screen capture:



Is there any way to make sure dependencies are listed properly (under referenced libraries) as in this second screen capture:


    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I guess the problem shown in the first screenshot was to use the "Project Explorer". The second screenshot uses the "Package Explorer" which aggregates all referenced libraries under "Referenced Libraries". 
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You can change the way Eclipse presents these jars by going to the View Menu dropdown in the top-right corner and selecting "Show 'Referenced Libraries' node":


    
    
Title: STS vs. Eclipse for Grails?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I understand that SpringSource Tool Suite is based on Eclipse.

I am coding Grails. STS is often pissing me off. I was thinking of installing Eclipse instead with a Grails plugin - will it just be the same?

What's better? STS or Eclipse?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I believe STS incorporated the original Groovy plugin so you're honestly better off with STS than you are trying to hack together Eclipse with the old plugin.

That said, other IDEs with good Groovy/Grails support are:


IntelliJ IDEA: http://www.jetbrains.com/idea/features/groovy_grails.html
NetBeans: http://netbeans.org/features/groovy/ (but development on Grails support appears to have stopped since 6.8.0)


I've personally tried IntelliJ and I liked it for Grails.  I have not tried NetBeans but I've heard it is good.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Have you considered IntelliJ, it has excellent Grails and Groovy support. I had been a eclipse guy for years but I am loving IntelliJ now.

IntelliJ Grails Features
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
STS has better Groovy n Grails support. The latest version i.e. 2.5.0 has better features and bug fixes. I would suggest you stick to STS rather than Eclipse. I have been using it for last couple of months and it is very stable. The latest version has much better features and is more stable than previous versions.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I found Eclipse with the Grails plugin easier to configure than STS, so I started out down that route. STS seems overly clunky and too specialized - if your app is anything over than a very vanilla grails app I'd say Eclipse is better.

Having said all of that, I tried IntelliJ IDEA and fell in love with it. I even forked out the $200 for a personal licence when my company said no to buying a license!
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
STS is an Eclipse distribution packaged by SpringSource, who also own Grails project. You should bring your specific issue to the vendor or at least describe them in your question.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I think you should definitely opt for STS - the integration of the Groovy resp. the Grails plugin is much better than in Eclipse.

On the other hand, the question is hard to answer without getting religious subjective; what are the issues you encoutered in STS and what makes you think they won't occur or even be more annoying in the main Eclipse distribution with no native Groovy/Grails support?
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I have been unsuccessful trying to use the Grails plugin on Eclipse. After a lot of work finding the right repositories for missing dependencies, the Grails plugin practically took over Eclipse, it became a quasi STS Eclipse. Even the home window became the STS window!

I guess the producers of STS are basically trying to convince you to switch to STS, instead of using their almost worthless plugin, and going through the pain of getting the plugin working, and getting at the end a STS clone.

You are better off just using STS, but it angers me that people who like Eclipse or MyEclipse have to be forced to use STS' specific version of Eclipse.
    
    
Title: Are there any serious contendors to Visual Studio for .NET development?
Description: 
    
    
                    
EDIT: This post was originally specific to ASP.NET, but after thinking about it I'm quite interested to discover any contenders to .NET development.

There used to be sharpdevelop IDE, which I'm not even sure if it did ASP.NET (it did WinForms). Express killed it off I think.

EDIT: I was wrong about SharpDevelop (thanks for pointing that out Joel)

In my defence, I went to look it up and saw an old looking website. I clicked on News History and the last update was 2005, which was when I last looked at it! So they made me think it was dead :)

I love Visual Studio and it's very, very powerful - and it's evolved and matured over quite a few years with a big budget behind it.

But I was wondering if anyone knew of anything with a fresh perspective? Any big open source projects that had slipped the radar?

p.s. -1 for anyone who says "notepad + command prompt"! :)
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
MonoDevelop is an up-and-coming IDE. It's strictly not pure ASPNET but it's pretty good for something so new.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
As of this writing, SharpDevelop 3.1 beta 1 was released only 13 days ago. Doesn't sound very dead to me. In fact it's the only choice on Windows if you want an IDE for the Boo programming language. And hey, it's even got a built-in profiler! I might have to check that out, thanks for reminding me to take another look. 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
+1 good question Josh

I've tried the Mono stuff, and SharpDevelop, but I think the answer to your question might just be Visual Studio 2010.

I understand the desire to leave the Microsoft walled garden, I've felt it myself, and in that scenario, where you want to explore outside Microsoft, then of course there are many alternatives, but even those don't feel as complete as Visual Studio (I'm thinking Eclipse, XCode, the Adobe Flash environment to name a few interesting environments which are kinda fun to play with)

But in the Microsoft world, I really believe they're attitude towards development is very progressive, and fresh. Every Visual Studio iteration feels fresh, no more so than VS 2010, and I think currently other alternatives in the MS world are just playing catch up.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I am not sure about open source projects. However Microsoft has added the Expression line of applications that support ASP.NET development. I think the ultimate goal is to allow better integration between development teams and ui design teams...but the Expression tools are pretty nice. (They also provide some competition to Adobe products on the graphics, silverlight, and html front...although nothing truely serious yet.)
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Are you limited to Windows or just ASP.NET in general? If the latter, check out MonoDevelop.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Would VS.NET Express count? http://www.microsoft.com/Express/ . It's also VS.NET, but its simpler and free.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Embarcadero bought Borland's tools division a while back, and still publish Delphi and CodeGear RAD Studio.

Whilst it's not open source, it does have a budget behind it and a slightly different perspective - as well as a different selection of languages for .NET.
    
    
Title: Where is Step out in eclipse ide debugger?
Description: 
    
    
                    
When I debug my Java EE application in the Eclipse IDE, I don't see a "Step out" option in the debugger. I only see "Step over", "Step into" and "Step return".

When I have a huge amount of lines I want that the debugger only stops at my breakpoints, so "Step out" is my solution, right?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Step return is step out, its also hotkey F7
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
"Step Return" is the command you're looking for. You can press F7 to invoke it.

From the Eclipse manual:


  Select the Step Return [] command to return from a method which has been stepped into. Even though we return from the method, the remainder of the code inside the method will be executed normally.

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
It's the little arrow icon that looks like it is originating from two broken blue lines, moving upwards, and then to the right.

You can see it in the Java debugging perspective.
    
    
Title: Text (command line) based Java IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
Probably question title might looks strange for you, but I'll try to explain.

I do looking alternative of desktop eclipse, ideally what I need is to edit sources directly on my linux dev-server. On dev server I don't have any xwindows just command line. So I would like to login to server using Putty, develop, build, run, commit changes to source control system.

From text editor I would need: 


syntax highlight
autocomletion (at least basic)
quick navigation trough project files
basic refactoring: change class name? move class to other
package,change method signature
run build without need to leave editor window
run svc/git commands without need to leave editor window


From the first glance emancs seems to be what I need, but I don't sure.

Thanks.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I think that you approach is not good. Developing directly on your devel server is not a good practice. But it's not the question...
Personally, my favorite text editor for programming is emacs. I'm also a Java developer. I'm using Eclim. According to the Eclim Website :

The primary goal of eclim is to bring Eclipse functionality to the Vim editor. The initial goal was to provide Eclipses java functionality in vim, but support for various other languages (c/c++, php, python, ruby, css, html, xml, etc.) have been added and several more are planned.

As I said, I use mainly Emacs. So, I'm using emacs-eclim (the Vim plugin is very cool  and advanced) :

Eclim is an Eclipse plugin which exposes Eclipse features through a server interface. When this server is started, the command line utility eclim can be used to issue requests to that server.
Emacs-eclim uses the eclim server to integrate eclipse with emacs. This project wants to bring some of the invaluable features from eclipse to emacs.

If you use Emacs, you can also use the JDEE mode. Personally, I don't like this mode : too complicated, not enough maintained.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Sandro's answer is a good one for a true command-line tool. On unix, emacs and vim are really the only games in town when it comes to sophisticated command-line editors, so a good Java mode for one of those is what you want.

However, i want to point out that even if the server doesn't have an X server, you can still run graphical programs on it - they just have to connect to an X server on another machine, such as your desktop. Sounds weird, but that is actually the whole point of X windows: it was originally developed so that people could run programs on powerful time-shared machines, and access them from cheap, dumb graphical terminals (this was back in the early 80s when people thought that was a good idea).

These days, the easiest way to do this is to use SSH to connect to the remote machine, telling it to enable X11 forwarding. With the OpenSSH command-line SSH, this is as simple as adding the -X flag; i'm not sure how you do it with PuTTY, but i'm sure it's possible. Once you've logged in with X11 forwarding enabled, you can simply run X clients (such as Eclipse or IDEA), and they will connect to your local X server.

Oh - you will need a local X server. On Windows, you can install Xming

All of this takes a bit of work (although not a lot!), so if you just want to do occasional hacking, my all means go with Eclim. But if you are planning on doing a lot of remote development, and you don't have a lot of affection for curses interfaces, this might be the most comfortable route.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Do some reading about Tramp in Emacs as well. That allows you to run Emacs locally, but edit remote files as if they were local, using any of a variety of network protocols (but typically ssh). Shell commands initiated from a buffer editing a remote file will also execute on the remote server.

That's sort of the opposite of what you were asking for, and more useful when you don't want to have to set up Emacs and your custom configurations on another machine (or can't do so), but it's worth knowing about. If your local machine is running Windows, and you are using putty, you would need to use the plink method in Tramp.

I believe that vim has some similar functionality, also.

Or if you can mount the remote server's filesystem with sshfs, you would achieve a similar end result (local editor manipulating remote files), and potentially open up your options to utilise more familiar editors to do the work.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
emacs and vim can do what you want.  However unless you are familiar with these tools already, you should know that using them is nothing like using a GUI. I suggest you make it so you can edit source from your PC which are changed directly on your linux server.  There are any number of ways you can do this.

I assume you don't have xwindows because this server is very limited??
    
    
Title: Understanding C++ Compilation
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have recently become aware that I have no idea, genericly speaking, how a c/c++ compiler works.  I will admit this initialy came from trying to understand header guards but came to the realization that I am lacking in how compiling works.
Take Visual C++ for instance;  Theres the &quot;Header Files&quot; folder, the &quot;Resources Files&quot; folder, and &quot;Source Files&quot; folder.  Is there any significance to the separation of these folders and what you put in them?  To me, they are all source files.  Take the code snippets:
Snippet 1
//a1.h
int r=4;

and
//a1.cpp
int b  //&lt;--semicolon left out on purpose

and
//main.cpp
#include &lt;iostream&gt;
#include &quot;a1.h&quot;
void main()
{
   cout &lt;&lt; r;
}

The compiler errors out saying &quot;a1.cpp(3) : fatal error C1004: unexpected end-of-file found&quot; where I would expect it wouldn't because the a1.cpp file is not #included where the main method exists where in the next code snippet
Snippet 2
//a1.h
int r=4 //&lt;--semicolon left out on purpose

and
//a1.cpp
int b = 4;  

and
//main.cpp
#include &lt;iostream&gt;
void main()
{
   cout &lt;&lt; b;
}

Errors out because &quot;main.cpp(6) : error C2065: 'b' : undeclared identifier&quot;.  If you include the a1.cpp like so
Snippet 3
//a1.h
int r=4 //&lt;--semicolon left out on purpose

and
//a1.cpp
int b = 4;  

and
//main.cpp
#include &lt;iostream&gt;
#include &quot;a1.cpp&quot;
void main()
{
   cout &lt;&lt; b;
}

the compiler complains &quot;a1.obj : error LNK2005: &quot;int b&quot; (?b@@3HA) already defined in main.obj&quot;.  Both snippets 2 and 3 ignore the fact that int r = 4 does not have a semicolon missing as I suspect that it has something to do with its a xxxx.h file. If I remove the a1.cpp file from the project on snippet 1, then it compiles fine. Clearly what I have expected is not what I am getting.  Theres plenty of books and tutorials on how to code in cpp, but not much in the way cpp handles files and source code in the complition process.  What on earth is going on here?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Your questions aren't really about the compiler, but about how your IDE is handling the entire build system.  The build systems for most C/C++ projects compile each .c or .cpp file separately, and then link the resulting object files together into a final executable.  In your case, your IDE is compiling any file you have in the project with a filename extension of .cpp and then linking the resulting objects.  The behaviour you're seeing can be explained as follows:


a1.cpp is missing a ;, so when the IDE tries to compile that file, you get the error about 'unexpected end of file'.
b isn't declared anywhere in the main.cpp compilation unit, so you get an error about an undefined identifier.
b exists in both the main.cpp and a1.cpp compilation units (obviously in a1.cpp, and via your #include for main.cpp).  Your IDE compiles both of those files - now a1.o and main.o each contain an object called b.  When linking, you get a duplicate symbol error.


The important point to take away here, which explains all of the behaviour you see, is that your IDE compiles every .cpp file - not just main.cpp and the files it includes - and then links the resulting objects.

I recommend setting up a command-line test project with a makefile you create yourself - that will teach you all about the inner workings of build systems, and you can then apply that knowledge to the inner workings of your IDE.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    

header files are not compiled
an #include directive literally pastes the contents of the includable file instead of the #include line
All source files (redargless of main) are compiled into .o or .obj files.
All obj files are linked together along with external .lib files if there are any
You get an executable.


Regarding point 2:

example
//a.h
int

//b.h
x = 

//c.h
5

//main.cpp
#include &lt;iostream&gt;
int main()
{
#include "a.h"
#include "b.h"
#include "c.h"
;

std::cout &lt;&lt; x &lt;&lt; std::endl; //prints 5 :) 
}


This isn't a full answer, but hth, my2c, etc :)
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Since it seems that there are two ways of understanding your question, I will answer to the understanding C++ compilation part. 

I suggest that you start by reading the "compiler" definition in Wikipedia. After that, try Google search for compiler tutorials to build up your comprenhension about compilers. More specific to C++, you can read about #include and preprocessor directives (try Google search for those terms.)

If you still want to understand compilers further, I suggest a compiler book. You'll find a good list of books on StackOverflow.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
The #include statement inserts that file into the file making the #include. Your snippet 3 main.cpp thus becomes the following before compilation.

    // main.cpp    
    // All sorts of stuff from iostream
    //a1.cpp
    int b = 4;
    void main()
    {
        cout &lt;&lt; b;
    }


The reason you are getting a linker error is that you are defining b twice. It is defined in a.cpp and in main.cpp.

You may wish to read about declaring and defining.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
You tell the build system what files to compile. In the case of Visual C++, it will automatically compile any file named "*.cpp" that you add to the project. Though you can go into the project settings and tell it not to.

It will not compile files named *.h (though it can if you explicity tell it to.

The #include directive, is something the compiler processes before it does any compilation (it's called the pre-processor). It basically takes the file that it is pointing it to and sticks it in the source file being compiled at the point the #include directive appears in the file. The compiler then compiles that whole thing as one complete unit.

So, in your example cases:

Snippet 1

Bote a1.cpp and main.cpp are compiled seperately by the build system. SO, when it encounters the error om a1.cpp, it reports it.

Snippet 2

Note that it compiles these files seperately, with no knowledge of each other, so when your reference b in main.cpp, it does not know that b is defined in a1.cpp.

Snippet 3

Now you've included a1.cpp in main.cpp, so it compiles main.cpp, sees a definition for b and says, OK I have a b at global scope. Then it compiles a1.cpp, and says OK, I have a b at global scope.

Now the linker steps in and =tries to put a1 and main together, it;'s now telling you, hey I have 2 b's ate global scope. No good.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
The compiler picks up source files from where you tell it to. In the case of Visual C++ there's an IDE telling the compiler what to do, and the different folders are there because that's how the IDE organises the files.

Also, the error in snippet 2 is from the linker, not from the compiler.
The compiler has compiled main.cpp and a1.cpp into object files main.obj and a1.obj and then the linker is trying to make an executable combining these object files, but the variable b is in both a1.obj (directly) and main.obj (via the include of a1.cpp), so you get the "already defined" error.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
The problems you see in case 1 and 3 are VS specific. VS apparently tries to compile both main.cpp and a1.cpp.

Case 1: As VS tries to compile a1.cpp, which has an syntax error (the missing semicolon), the compilation fails.

Case 2: You have not declared the variable b in your main.cpp or in any included files. Thus the compilation fails.

Case 3: This is a linker error. Due to the include, int b has been declared in main.cpp as well as in a1.cpp. Since none of them is either static or extern, two global variables with the same identifier have been declared in the same scope. This is no allowed.
    
    
Title: In C#, how can you easily change the name of an event handler?
Description: 
    
    
                    
In VS2008, if I double click on the event handler VS creates a default event handler with a default name, e.g. combobox1_SelectedIndexChanged.

Say, for example, i now rename combobox1 to cbStatus. It still has the same event handler, so i now change that to cbStatus_SelectedIndexChanged. 

Is there a way, where VS can change the initial combobox1_SelectedIndexChange to cbStatus_SelectedIndexChange rather than generate a new cbStatus event handler in addition to the old event handler? Because every time i have to cut and paste the code to the new event handler and then delete the old one.

In addition, if i have defined the initial event handler and then no longer require the handler, i cannot simply delete the handler from code, as the form designer then complains that it cant find the original event handler. Is there a way where VS can automatically remove the assignment of the event handler from the form designer?

I seem to be spending all day cutting and pasting, and deleting event handler assignments from the forms designer code.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
When you rename the control, you should rename the event handler too. The proper way to do this is by refactoring the code.

To do this, just right-click the name of the event handler in the Visual Studio code editor and choose Refactor -&gt; Rename... That will allow you to automatically change the name of it everywhere it's used.

In the case of an event handler, it's probably only used in one other place (the point in code where it's added to the event), so it's not too much trouble to change it manually. You can apply this technique to pretty much anything, though, making it extremely useful when something you're changing is referred to from several different places.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You just have to find the place in the generated code where the combobox1_SelectedIndexChange method is declare and change the name to cbStatus_SelectedIndexChange.

After you change the method name, you also have to update the line where you register the handler:

cbStatus.SelectedIndexChange += new
    SelectedIndexChangeEventHandler(cbStatus_SelectedIndexChange);

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Just type the new name, then recompile.  By this I mean - Change 

protected void combobox1_SelectedIndexChanged(object sender, EventArgs e)
{

}


to

protected void renamedcombobox_SelectedIndexChanged(object sender, EventArgs e)
{

}


and then recompile

Visual Studio will throw a compile-time error, because the method that is expected is no longer there.

Double-click on the error in the Output window to go to the assignment of the error handler, and change the error handler there to match the new function name.

Edit - added  

The above step will jump you to the line of code described in Justin's answer...

End Edit

I know that's clear as mud, but try it and  you'll figure it out with little or no difficulty.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
If you single-click instead of double-clicking to automatically create the event handler, you can specify the handler name you want. You could make it something like "SelectedStatusChangedHandler", which is independent of the combobox's variable name. Then press 'enter' and let VS create the handler for you.
    
    
Title: How useful would be a Smalltalk source code browser for other programming languages?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm working on an IDE for python, ruby and php.

Never having used Smallltalk myself (even it was very popular when I was at university) I wonder if the classic Smalltalk Browser which displays only one method is really an improvment or to classical file editing or not. 

I myself like to have the overview of as much as possible in a class. Now i use a 24" 1280x1920 display in a two column mode which can display a lot of lines at ones.

I personally have to wonder what is the benefit if you for example also have good code folding editor where a user can fold for example all def's (functions code bodies) with one keystroke.

But I see the request to make xxx more smalltalkish from time to time in newsgroups.
I know some might want an image based version but the browser was the second most different Smalltalk invention.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The Smalltalk browser has two parts: the top one shows the packages, classes, protocols and methods/messages, the bottom one shows the content of one method. This is very usefull if you design/code your program thinking more on signatures and names, rather than as a web of lines of codes.

If you concentrate on signature, this could lead to a more "object oriented" style, where the system is designed as a collaboration of objects sending messages to each other. In this paradigm, the methods names are somehow more important than how they are implemented.

If you have a very large screen (I got one myself :-)) you would open several smalltalk browsers allowing you to browse (and code) in several different packages and classes. Moreover, you would probably also have a worspace and a xUnit to test and play with your objects.

I suggest you look at the Whisker editor created for Squeak. It proposes a quite nice balance between names and signatures navigation, and lines of code exploration. You would need to try it, as the screenshot does not show the dynamic of it, and how you  navigate thru the "boxes" of codes.

http://www.mindspring.com/~dway/smalltalk/whisker.html
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Eclipse offers a Smalltalk like browser, the Java browsing perspective. Even though being a Smalltalker myself, I almost never use it. Why? The powerful part if the Smalltalk IDE is the debugger not the browser. When coding Smalltalk, I do everything test-first and then fix all missing methods in the debugger while running the test. Having this for any other language would be like ... WOW JUST WOW, so go ahead and do this :)
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
VisualAge for Java used the Smalltalk Browser model for coding, and I thought they (IBM) did a great job of taking a typical file based language and lifting it up to a higher conceptual mode.  Instantiations even had a great add-on to bring good refactoring tools to VAJ (people either don't know or forget for which language refactoring tools were introduced first...take a guess ;)  Of course I had cut my teeth on Smalltalk, then moved to C++ for a number of years (too many) and was pleased to see anything Smalltalk-like.  When I saw that IBM was seriously moving on Eclipse I was flabbergasted.

But most of my co-workers at the time did not like not being able to see the entire text of the .java file at once.  I would ask, "why not just have only one method in a class so that you can see it all of the class file at once?"  Then someone would reply, "Then I wouldn't be able to decompose my code very well at all!"  To which I would reply, "If your code is decomposed well, why do you need to see every method at once?"  And then I would get a response about things being slower somehow...

Development environments that throw in your face the fact that the code database is a system of text files and force you to work with the code that way have always seemed retarded to me...particularly in the in the case of OO languages.

Having said that, there are a number of things that I don't like about the traditional Smalltalk browser.  I've often wanted a better way of navigating across the browser instances that I've opened and visited.  Whenever you work with code there is invariably a context of methods and classes that you are working with (modifying and/or viewing) - it should be simpler to navigate around the context that dynamically develops while you work.
I would also like to be able to easily compose a view of 2-3 method bodies together at one time - something that a code-folding editor can sort of give you, at least for one file...
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
OK so this is ancient-but I simply can't believe no one thought of opening several browsers. I don't think I've ever seen anyone programming in a Smalltalk system with just the one. Class browsers, hierarchy browsers, protocol browsers... Yes, each one shows a single methods source at any one time but just point each one at a different method!
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
It's a little bit of a simplification to say the class browser only shows one method. It actually shows a lot of methods in a much more organized way than raw source code usually does. Consider in which of these you think you'd have an easier time finding what you wanted:

class Thing
  def foo
    blah blah blah
    blah.each do |blah|
      blah blah blah blah
      blah.collect {|blah, blah| blah blah blah}
    end
  end


  def bar(blah)
    blah blah blah
    blah.each do |blah|
      blah blah blah blah
      blah.collect {|blah, blah| blah blah blah}
    end
  end
end

class Fob
  def foo
    blah blah blah
    blah.each do |blah|
      blah blah blah blah
      blah.collect {|blah, blah| blah blah blah}
    end
  end


  def bar(blah)
    blah blah blah
    blah.each do |blah|
      blah blah blah blah
      blah.collect {|blah, blah| blah blah blah}
    end
  end
end


Or:

Classes     Methods

Thing   -&gt;  foo     -&gt;  blah blah blah
Fob         bar         blah.each do |blah|
                          blah blah blah blah
                          blah.collect {|blah, blah| blah blah blah}
                        end


And an actual Smalltalk class browser is a lot more powerful than my silly little plaintext mockup, whereas Ruby source actually looks a lot like that. A class browser encourages you to think of classes as actual entities with autonomous behaviors rather than a bunch of abstract text.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I have a love/hate relationship with the Smalltalk browsers (Squeak in my case). At times I think they are the best things since sliced bread, and at others they make me grind my teeth. The problem with Smalltalk is that the browsers are basically all you have. You can of course write your own, but very few people go that route. Whereas with file-based languages, I have a choice of ways of looking at the code, using completely different editors or environments if I wish. However, one way of looking at the code I've never wanted is one that only lets me see one method at a time. 
    
    
Title: What build tool do you use professionally?
Description: 
    
    
                    
At home, I use CTRL+SHIFT+B or F7 or whatever key sequence initiates the build for my build tool.  At work, this doesn't quite cut it.

At my first job (an internship) we used a product called Visual Build, which I have come to like very much.  It's the best build tool I've ever worked with.  The down side here is that it's not free.

At my latest job, I came in knowing literally nothing about Ant.  Now, unfortunately, I've become deeply involved in our build processes, and cannot extricate myself.  It works, yes, but after coming from Visual build, it seems like it's fighting me every step of the way.  Yes, it's free, but we're not trying to be a free-software-only development company or anything.

I've never looked in to make or any other build tools, so I don't really know what else is out there.

Has anybody ever seen or had experience with Visual Build?  Mostly I'm fond of a few key things:


it has a GUI
it runs arbitrary VBScript without the need of a compiled class
you can step through the build process, or start from anywhere in the middle.


Are there any free build tools that have this?  Is there any way to convince people that it's worth it to move on?  It's 2008.  We use IDEs to develop, why not (IBEs) to build?

Edit:  I'm mostly looking for an answer to my last questions; Is there a solution with a built-in GUI that I can use for free?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
We use FinalBuilder - I think it's very similar to VisualBuild, though I've not used the latter. 

It does run from the command line, and you can integrate it with CC.Net if you want.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Not very sophisticated, but we use a set of batch files. And that works great.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
For Java projects we use Teamcity, sort of cruise control like, but you can also do a remote run, i.e. you send your changes to the server, it builds and does unit tests, if everything works ok, THEN you checkin, very nice build tool and free for up to 20 build configurations.

For our Visual Studio 2005 projects including packaging the final exes and dlls with InstallShield and putting them up on a shared server we use Final Builder, it's not free, but it is very easy to use and get started with.

We also telnet out (from FinalBuilder) to a number of other platforms (Unix/Linux/OpenVMS) and start remote builds by running makefiles there.

We do not use continous build, but there is a FinalBuilder Server which handles that and comes free with the FinalBuilder Professional license.

We are very happy with FinalBuilder, it's quite easy to get up to speed with and powerful enough to solve most problems.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
CMake. Generates build file for KDevelop, Eclipse, Makefiles and Visual Studio (and XCode), and it really works. You can easily extend it with macros, although the programming capabilities are rather limited. It's easy to learn, and porting an existing application from Visual Studio to it is pretty easy. However, you are limited to C++/C and IIRC Fortran code.

KDE is also using CMake now, so it seems to scale very well (i.e. generation time for the projects/dependency checking is not too bad).
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I am not sure this is exactly what you are looking for, but I LOVE CruiseControl.NET. I have it build my projects using the MSBuild task. It doesn't have a GUI exactly, but there is a web interface to view the results of your builds and a System Tray resident program which will alert you of the build status.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
UppercuT. It's free.

UppercuT uses NAnt to build and it is the insanely easy to use Build Framework.

Automated Builds as easy as (1) solution name, (2) source control path, (3) company name for most projects!!!

http://code.google.com/p/uppercut/

Some good explanations here: UppercuT
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Going back to the keystrokes thing for a sec, I found Hoekey which the CTO loves. I don't use it myself, but as a way of assign keystrokes to things, it's pretty good.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
I know nothing of Visual Build, but from your description it sounds like it is tied to Windows and doesn't run from the command line.

If you are building Java software (I assume you are since you are using Ant), it's preferable to have a cross-platform tool.  If you can run the tool from the command-line, then it is scriptable which is extremely important for automation.

Ant is also extensible and a de facto standard.  Many tools that you may use (Cobertura, TestNG, etc.) provide Ant tasks so that they can easily be intergrated with your build.

I use Ant for all Java projects.  Some people prefer Maven, but I'm not one of them.  Ant is far from perfect (the XML syntax is a bit clunky) but it is well documented, extremely stable and pretty straightforward.

If you use a standard tool, such as Ant or Maven, you will be able to take advantage of any number of Continuous Integration products.  I doubt you will find many that work with Visual Build.

Most IDEs support Ant, so they give you a GUI of sorts and your CI server will give you a web interface for doing builds.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
NAnt (.NET port of Ant). Works great and is easily extensible.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
For small projects I do use post-build scripts and with the support of 7z, Nsis and similar CLI tools it's doing the job perfectly for me.
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
TeamCity and CuriseControl works well for any projects,but here is why you would like to choose TeamCity:-

Ease of setup: During setup we found TeamCity easier to setup and use especially compared to CruiseControl. We did not need to edit XML files or massively configure individual build machines like CruiseControl. 

Ease of extensibility:TeamCity stands out in its ease of extensibility too. If we find that builds are waiting in the queue too long, we can add more computers as agents. The only additional work on our end is registering the new computers with the TeamCity server and installing msbuild and subversion.

Interaction with Subversion: One can check how many and what changes were committed to subversion since the last build, who started a build etc.
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
I've grown very fond of scons for building C++ files.  It's very straightforward and the build scripts are written in Python (which is much better than some hacked together DSL IMO).
    
    
Answer 13: 

    
    
Ant or Maven are great little build tools. 

And if you want to automate the build process there are some great tools like TeamCity and Bamboo. 
    
    
Answer 14: 

    
    
Personally I use Makefiles for pretty much everything because they are simple as hell. But in my work, I'm forced to use ant. 

The main problem I have against ant is that XML makes it hard to read and understand, even with the correct indentation. On the other hand, the verbosity of XML can help when reading someone else's ant file, but still makes it a PITA when the file is more than a few tens of lines.

As for having a GUI to build... I've always felt that's a minus rather than a plus.
    
    
Answer 15: 

    
    
Maven is the best for me because it handles the project dependencies
    
    
Title: PHP IDE--Want to sync local storage with FTP
Description: 
    
    
                    
I currently use Notepad++ for most of my development.  I have been checking out other, more full-featured options and would like to switch (I'm in particular a fan of Aptana so far) but there is one thing about Notepad++ that I really like and I haven't been able to get so far.  

My current workflow is something like this: Workflow (I tried to embed this image and it showed up in previews but not in the post, sorry)
Workflow http://evanalyze.com/images/workflow.jpg

The process is this:


Download file from web server
Make edits in NP++
Save (this automatically saves a local copy in my default directory, which is also the folder I have setup using Subversion with Tourtise SVN)
When I want to commit a change to SVN, go through the local folder that has an up to date copy


What I can't figure out how to do with Aptana is automatically store a local copy of a file I download from my server, edit and save back to the server.  Is there some way to do this?  If so, that would solve my problem immediately.

Other options would be a suggestion for a better way to manage the relationship between my server, my editor and my SVN repository.  I know Aptana can access my SVN repository too.  Is there an easy way to commit changes from within Aptana when I want to (which means I could take Tourtise out of the equation I guess)?

Any suggestions appreciated.  Thanks.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I think you're doing things a bit strange.

You already have all your information in an SVN repository, so why not take advantage of that?

You keep a working copy on your computer for development and testing. Save and commit your changes to SVN. On your server, do an SVN export (or checkout, with appropriate server rules to block web access to the .svn folders), and you're sweet!


----------------------         ------------         ---------------
| Local Working Copy |  &lt;---
Answer 2: 

    
    
Not too sure but I found PhpEd better than Zend for this kind of stuff - especially easy save to FTP.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
If you want free general purpose IDE (which supports many languages,as well as Php) - then you should give a try to PsPad www.pspad.com. It can handle ftp very well
If you going to do alot of Php programming - then you have several dedicated (but not free) Php IDEs. PhpEd, PhpEdit, Php Designer, WeBuilder - each one of them have their pros and cons , all of them support ftp .
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Eclipse has a plugin called RSE allow you to work on remote sources thru ssh,ftp etc.
You can use PDT but I guess it may work on Aptana as well.

I'm using the Zend Studio For Eclipse which has both SVN and RSE built in.
I'm guessing it's the same in PDT (after installing the RSE plugin), you can either work directly in the RSE perspective or add a remove folder to your project (you can do this only after adding connections in the RSE)

BTW, I found the following link that can give you some more options for remote machine:
http://wiki.eclipse.org/index.php/TM_and_RSE_FAQ#Working_with_TM_.2F_RSE_as_a_User
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I currently have Eclipse installed with the Aptana plug-in so I have access to all of the cool features of Aptana. 

You can either install Subclipse or Subversive for Eclipse which would effectively take care of needing TortoiseSVN. See: http://subclipse.tigris.org/install.html

Additionally, you can choose between installing and configuring PDT for Eclipse or using the Aptana PHP plugin (I've used both and I don't find that I necessarily prefer one over the other).

Lastly, both Aptana and Eclipse provide ftp and sftp support:

http://www.aptana.com/plugins

http://www.eclipseplugincentral.com/Web_Links-index-req-viewlink-cid-857.html
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I found Beyond Compare of Scooter Software to be a great tool for such needs.
Beyond Compare is a very valuable file and directory differ and merger for Windows and Linux which also is able to have one of the directories as ftp-link.

Beyond Compare even has a special plugin for source control systems, which unfortunately does not interact with the server, but is able to understand conflicts, for example.
    
    
Title: Alternative IDE for Silverlight
Description: 
    
    
                    
I want to play around with silverlight without having to buy a Visual Studio 2008 license.
I already used my trial time with Visual Studio, so I'm trying to find another solution.

Any thing out there?

Thanks
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Visual Web Developer Express SP1 is supported with RC0 and later. Install it first, then install the tools. 
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
What I heard, you can use VS Express SP1 with Silverlight. 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Use Eclipse

Eclipse tools for Microsoft Silverlight  check out http://www.eclipse4sl.org/
    
    
Title: &ldquo;executable not specified&rdquo; error in Pycharm
Description: 
    
    
                    
When I try to run a python script in Pycharm, I get this error message:

error running myscript: Executable is not specified

and the script does not run.  How do I run my script through Pycharm?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You need to designate an interpreter for the project.

File -&gt; Settings -&gt; Project -&gt; Project Interpreter, and then select an interpreter at the right.

It looks like this on PyCharm Community Edition 4.0.3:





The official JetBrains guide to setting up an interpreter can be found here.
    
    
Title: Generic syntax symbol &lt;~&gt; [duplicate]
Description: 
    
    
                        
            
        
            
                
                    
                        This question already has answers here:
                        
                    
                
            
                    
                        What does a tilde in angle brackets mean when creating a Java generic class?
                            
                                (4 answers)
                            
                    
                Closed 7 years ago.
        


    

Working with IDE like NetBeans or IDEA, i've seen that they are converting generic types into this symbol:

private final List&lt;String&gt; ar = new ArrayList&lt;~&gt;();


But using this in a simple editor results in throwing an error. BTW Eclipse also doesn't like it. Is it somehow connected with type erasure mechanism?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You will see that in IntelliJ its a different colour!

This is because it has used code folding to hide the code, but you can't write it this way in Java 6.

In Java 7 you can write

private final List&lt;String&gt; ar = new ArrayList&lt;&gt;();

    
    
Title: Is there a mysqlfiddle?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've grown quite fond of jsfiddle and how easy it is to use.

Does anyone know of something that works with mysql and maybe php mixed in?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You might be interested in my site: http://sqlfiddle.com.  I've built it only recently, but it does support a decent range of database types (including MySQL) and has gotten a fair amount of use lately here on StackOverflow (see the mention on the sql wiki).  You can build indexes, and views, and do nearly anything you would normally want to do within a database.  Be sure to check out some of the sample fiddles, or see how various other SO users are using it:

MySQL query - optimized -a href="http://sqlfiddle.com/#!2/1fde2/39" rel="nofollow noreferrer"/a/ppa href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9973611/multilevel-users-in-the-database-table"/a
Answer 2: 

    
    
Try SQLize.

It has some annoying limitations, like the inability to create views, but overall I find it very useful.  (Tip: CREATE INDEX also doesn't work, but you can still create indexes inside CREATE TABLE.)
    
    
Title: Can I disable the debugger in Xcode 4?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I would like to not use the debugger (gdb), though I want to get output from my application (from stdout and stderr).

I find that I never use it, I always use NSLog (or, for C printf and for C++ std::cout).

How can I disable the debugger (even in the debug configuration)?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Next to run and stop - click on the Scheme area, select edit scheme - then on build configuration select release.

Not sure if that what you meant. 
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
In XCode 4 - at the top left where the Run and Stop buttons are, there's a drop down selection (the Scheme selection), click on the left drop down and then 'Edit Scheme...' Next, locate and click on your Debug scheme (should be titled 'Run YourAppName.app') on the left. Now in the main content area, click on the 'Info' tab and change your Debugger selection to None - save your settings by clicking OK


    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
If you mean the debugger console, then you can control whether it automatically appears using the Behaviors preference panel. If you want to see the output, you can instead have Xcode automatically navigate to the current run log (also controlled by Behaviors) on launch or (I think) as soon as there's any output.

If you really mean to say you don't use the debugger in general (pausing at breakpoints and examining variables, stepping through code, etc. then you're hurting yourself in a way that makes most developers cringe. It's like a carpenter boldly proclaiming he doesn't use the equivalent reality-checking tools: a tape measure and level. I hope I misunderstood you there.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
XCode Version 9.2

Project name -
Title: IDE which uses a textual user interface ( like ncurses)
Description: 
    
    
                    
are there any IDEs which run in a shell instead of a gui. As i really don't like to use a mouse (except of scrolling, everything is faster for example in firefox using shortcuts).

I really like textual user interfaces (like gdb in tui mode) and it would be nice to have an ide which is fully controlable by keyboard (i'm currently learning emacs but it isn't really designed as an ide i think).
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can use Emacs as an IDE(with some script/package and setup) (take a look at this)


Emacs + ECB + JDEE: Java IDE
Emacs + Slime: Common Lisp IDE
Emacs + ECB + Cedet(and Xrefactory): C++ IDE(Alex Ott written a
great article about it)
Emacs + Pymacs + Ropemacs: Python IDE

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
emacs and vim can be - and are - both used as IDEs. I personally use emacs as IDE for PHP.
    
    
Title: Multiple eclipse profiles
Description: 
    
    
                    
What's the simplest way to run multiple, completely separate Eclipse profiles?

I have some projects that use google appengine, some android projects, and some standard Java projects. I'd like to keep these three separate, as the app engine and android projects require extensive plugins to be installed that slow Eclipse down and interfere with other functions.

I've tried creating a different workspace for each, but when I e.g. install the android plugin in one workspace it shows up in the others. I believe this is because it adds data to

$HOME/.eclipse

So, what's the easiest/nicest way to run three truly separate profiles?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Create 3 different eclipse installations. (different directories for each installation)
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You can create 3 installs with a shared bundle pool (all of the common eclipse plugins shared).  Then installing into each individual eclipse install keeps the plugins separate.  ex, if PROF=basicEclipse and TARGET=/an/absolute/path

eclipse/eclipse \
-application org.eclipse.equinox.p2.director \
-noSplash -bundlepool $TARGET -shared $TARGET/p2 \
-destination $TARGET/$PROF \
-profile SDKProfile_$PROF \
-profileProperties org.eclipse.update.install.features=true \
-p2.os linux -p2.ws gtk -p2.arch x86_64 -roaming \
-repository http://download.eclipse.org/eclipse/updates/3.6 \
-installIUs org.eclipse.sdk.ide


you can launch that eclipse install with $TARGET/basicEclipse/eclipse.  Running it again with PROF=androidEclipse creates $TARGET/andoidEclipse with the executables, but shares most of the common eclipse plugins (in the $TARGET directory).  I had to use Eclipse 3.7 M7 to run the director app correctly, see https://bugs.eclipse.org/bugs/show_bug.cgi?id=342156

However ... unless you're short of disk-space, it seems that simply untarring an install 3 times will be a simpler way to separate your install :-)
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
As Paul Webster already noted, if your Eclipse installation is read only, Eclipse will store plugin data in your home directory. The Eclipse Platform Manual refers to this concept as Install area which can be read only. In a single user installation, the Install area is merged with the Configuration area which is the directory in which caches, configuration and plugin data is stored.

To enable multi user installations, you can either create a shared configuration which is like a base for your other environments. Or you can create completely separate configuration areas which share no common settings but use the same install area hence saving space on your hard drive.

There is no GUI in Eclipse to easily set these things up though. For the necessary command line switches refer to the Eclipse Platform Manual.

I have also created a Python script that lets you implement and switch between completely separate configuration areas with a nice GUI. You can install it with pip install eclipseprofileselector or check out the code from my github repository.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
This article from IBM details how to configure the location of Eclipse extensions:
http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/library/os-ecl-manage/
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
You could use different OS profiles each with its own workspace or just different installations of Eclipse?  I wish I knew a better answer myself but I personally get aggravated when Eclipse plugins operate outside of their designated workspace like this.
    
    
Title: Can Visual Studio Express run from USB drive?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Using an arbitrary Windows machine (2000/XP or later), I can


install Eclipse CDT to a USB drive
move that USB drive onto a different
Windows machine--one that does not
have any form of Eclipse software
already installed, and potentially a different version of Windows (but 2000/XP or later)
use Eclipse to develop application-level C/C++ programs on that second machine (and that includes using the debugger), running directly from the USB drive without copying anything to C:.


I can do all this without having Administrator privileges on either machine.

I can do the same with NetBeans, and with several other IDEs that support C/C++ development.

Is it possible to do this with any version of Visual Studio Express?

If not, can you explain the technical reason(s) this doesn't work?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Eclipse is apparently designed to be what Microsoft calls an XCOPY deployment...meaning that it doesn't require any special entries in the Windows Registry (or any other "installation identity" on the target machine) in order to work properly.

Visual Studio is most decidedly not designed like this.  It makes extensive modifications to the registry during installation, and those entries (and any other resources like special folder locations) will be missing on any other computer.

So you might be able to install Visual Studio on a thumb drive, but some artifacts of the installation will be put on the C: drive, and you will only be able to use the thumb drive with that machine.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
It can definitely be done! I've seen a technician with a copy of it on a USB stick. the only visible flaw was that when you run on a different PC it requires you to enter the license. I could not see any other problems (speed/debugger etc. it all worked on his copy).
check this out:
http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/appvirtualization/dd334515.aspx
 I believe the virtualized package I saw was made by this means:
http://spoon.net/Studio/
Unfortunately it would be matter of experimenting with it...

No VM or extra software was needed!
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Maybe you could install VS Express in a VM running from the USB drive using Portable VirtualBox or VMPlayer. Not the best performance but its usable for not too big projects or learning.
    
    
Title: Where are these dots coming from? How to get rid of them?
Description: 
    
    
                    
For the life of me, I don't know when and how these "dots" started showing up in my IDE. I'm not sure if it's Visual Studio OR Code Rush from DevExpress that is doing it. 



If anyone knows how to make them go away, please help! =)
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Those dots represent space characters.  You will also see little arrows for tabs, and little hooked arrows for carriage returns.

Press CTRL + R + W to toggle the dots you're seeing.

BTW this is a standard Visual Studio feature.  It has nothing to do with CodeRush or any other plugin.

EDIT As Martin points out, you could press CTRL + R, then CTRL + W.  Personally I press CTRL then hold it down for the R &amp; W keystrokes.  It's less typing.
    
    
Title: Why does my STL code run so slowly when I have the debugger/IDE attached?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm running the following code, using Visual Studio 2008 SP1, on Windows Vista Business x64, quad core machine, 8gb ram.

If I build a release build, and run it from the command line, it reports 31ms.  If I then start it from the IDE, using F5, it reports 23353ms.

Here are the times: (all Win32 builds)


DEBUG, command line: 421ms
DEBUG, from the IDE: 24,570ms
RELEASE, command line: 31ms
RELEASE, from IDE: 23,353ms


code:

#include &lt;windows.h&gt;
#include &lt;iostream&gt;

#include &lt;set&gt;
#include &lt;algorithm&gt;
using namespace std;

int runIntersectionTestAlgo()
{   

    set&lt;int&gt; set1;
    set&lt;int&gt; set2;
    set&lt;int&gt; intersection;


    // Create 100,000 values for set1
    for ( int i = 0; i &lt; 100000; i++ )
    {
        int value = 1000000000 + i;
        set1.insert(value);
    }

    // Create 1,000 values for set2
    for ( int i = 0; i &lt; 1000; i++ )
    {
        int random = rand() % 200000 + 1;
        random *= 10;

        int value = 1000000000 + random;
        set2.insert(value);
    }

    set_intersection(set1.begin(),set1.end(), set2.begin(), set2.end(), inserter(intersection, intersection.end()));

    return intersection.size(); 
}

int main(){
    DWORD start = GetTickCount();

    runIntersectionTestAlgo();

    DWORD span = GetTickCount() - start;

    std::cout &lt;&lt; span &lt;&lt; " milliseconds\n";
}

    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Running under a Microsoft debugger (windbg, kd, cdb, Visual Studio Debugger) by default forces Windows to use the debug heap instead of the default heap. On Windows 2000 and above, the default heap is the Low Fragmentation Heap, which is insanely good compared to the debug heap. You can query the kind of heap you are using with HeapQueryInformation.

To solve your particular problem, you can use one of the many options recommended in this KB article: Why the low fragmentation heap (LFH) mechanism may be disabled on some computers that are running Windows Server 2003, Windows XP, or Windows 2000

For Visual Studio, I prefer adding _NO_DEBUG_HEAP=1 to Project Properties-&gt;Configuration Properties-&gt;Debugging-&gt;Environment. That always does the trick for me.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Pressing pause while in the VS IDE shows that the additional time appears to be spent in malloc/free. This would lead me to believe the debugging support in MS's malloc and free implementation have additional logic if the debugger is attached. This would explain the discrepancy in times from the console and from the debugger.

EDIT: Confirmed by running with CTRL+F5 v. F5 (1047ms v. 9088ms on my machine)
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
So it sounds like this may just be what happens when one attaches the debugger.  However, I just can't my head around the performance changing from 30ms to 23,000ms because of that, especially when the rest of my code seems to run just as fast whether or not the debugger is attached.
    
    
Title: Class design vs. IDE: Are nonmember nonfriend functions really worth it?
Description: 
    
    
                    
In the (otherwise) excellent book C++ Coding Standards, Item 44, titled "Prefer writing nonmember nonfriend functions", Sutter and Alexandrescu recommend that only functions that really need access to the members of a class be themselves members of that class. All other operations which can be written by using only member functions should not be part of the class. They should be nonmembers and nonfriends. The arguments are that:


It promotes encapsulation, because there is less code that needs access to the internals of a class.
It makes writing function templates easier, because you don't have to guess each time whether some function is a member or not.
It keeps the class small, which in turn makes it easier to test and maintain.


Although I see the value in these argument, I see a huge drawback: my IDE can't help me find these functions! Whenever I have an object of some kind, and I want to see what operations are available on it, I can't just type "pMysteriousObject-&gt;" and get a list of member functions anymore. 

Keeping a clean design is in the end about making your programming life easier. But this would actually make mine much harder.

So I'm wondering if it's really worth the trouble. How do you deal with that?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I'm going to have to disagree with Sutter and Alexandrescu on this one.  I think if the behavior of function foo() falls within the realm of class Bar's responsibilities, then foo() should be part of bar().

The fact that foo() doesn't need direct access to Bar's member data doesn't mean it isn't conceptually part of Bar.  It can also mean that the code is well factored.  It's not uncommon to have member functions which perform all their behavior via other member functions, and I don't see why it should be.

I fully agree that peripherally-related functions should not be part of the class, but if something is core to the class responsibilities, there's no reason it shouldn't be a member, regardless of whether it is directly mucking around with the member data.

As for these specific points:


  It promotes encapsulation, because there is less code that needs access to the internals of a class.


Indeed, the fewer functions that directly access the internals, the better.  That means that having member functions do as much as possible via other member functions is a good thing.  Splitting well-factored functions out of the class just leaves you with a half-class, that requires a bunch of external functions to be useful.  Pulling well-factored functions away from their classes also seems to discourage the writing of well-factored functions.


  It makes writing function templates easier, because you don't have to guess each time whether some function is a member or not.


I don't understand this at all.  If you pull a bunch of functions out of classes, you've thrust more responsibility onto function templates.  They are forced to assume that even less functionality is provided by their class template arguments, unless we are going to assume that most functions pulled from their classes is going to be converted into a template (ugh).


  It keeps the class small, which in turn makes it easier to test and maintain.


Um, sure.  It also creates a lot of additional, external functions to test and maintain.  I fail to see the value in this.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Scott Meyers has a similar opinion to Sutter, see here.

He also clearly states the following:

"Based on his work with various string-like classes, Jack Reeves has observed that some functions just don't "feel" right when made non-members, even if they could be non-friend non-members. The "best" interface for a class can be found only by balancing many competing concerns, of which the degree of encapsulation is but one."

If a function would be something that "just makes sense" to be a member function, make it one. Likewise, if it isn't really part of the main interface, and "just makes sense" to be a non-member, do that.

One note is that with overloaded versions of eg operator==(), the syntax stays the same. So in this case you have no reason not to make it a non-member non-friend floating function declared in the same place as the class, unless it really needs access to private members (in my experience it rarely will). And even then you can define operator!=() a non-member and in terms of operator==().
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I don't think it would be wrong to say that between them, Sutter, Alexandrescu, and Meyers have done more for the quality of C++ than anybody else.

One simple question they ask is:


  If a utility function has two independent classes as parameteres, which class should "own" the member function?


Another issue, is you can only add member functions where the class in question is under your control.  Any helper functions that you write for std::string will have to be non-members since you cannot re-open the class definition.

For both of these examples, your IDE will provide incomplete information, and you will have to use the "old fashion way".

Given that the most influential C++ experts in the world consider that non-member functions with a class parameter are part of the classes interface, this is more of an issue with your IDE rather than the coding style.

Your IDE will likely change in a release or two, and you may even be able to get them to add this feature.  If you change your coding style to suit todays IDE you may well find that you have bigger problems in the future with unextendable/unmaintainable code.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
It's true that external functions should not be part of the interface. In theory, your class should only contain the data and expose the interface for what it is intended and not utilitarian functions. Adding utility functions to the interface just grow the class code base and make it less maintainable. I currently maintain a class with around 50 public methods, that's just insane.

Now, in reality, I agree that this is not easy to enforce. It's often easier to just add another method to your class, even more if you are using an IDE that can really simply add a new method to an existing class.

In order to keep my classes simple and still be able to centralize external function, I often use utility class that works with my class, or even namespaces. 
I start by creating the class that will wrap my data and expose the simplest possible interface. I then create a new class for every task I have to do with the class. 

Example: create a class Point, then add a class PointDrawer to draw it to a bitmap, PointSerializer to save it, etc.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
If you give them a common prefix, then maybe your IDE will help if you type

::prefix


or 

namespace::prefix

    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
In many OOP languages non-friend non-class methods are third-class citizens that reside in an orphanage unconnected to anything. When I write a method, I like to pick good parents - a fitting class - where they have the best chances to feel welcome and help.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I would have thought the IDE was actually helping you out.

The IDE is hiding the protected functions from the list because they are not available to the public just as the designer of the class intended.

If you had been within the scope of the class and typed this-/em/strong/p/div
Title: On Smalltalk IDEs (Squeak, VisualWorks, etc), how can you navigate away from a message&#39;s code you&#39;re working on to inspect another?
Description: 
    
    
                    
In every IDE I've tried so far, if I'm partway through writing a message and need to look at the code of another, the browser asks me if I want to save. But if I say I do want to save, it actually tries to compile/syntax check the code, and refuses to perform the save if it does not pass. The only way to view the source of another message seems to be to say "no" to save and have everything wiped. How can I look at another class incidentally, or save code I am partway through working on that might not build right now?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
For now there is no easy way to do that. The two easiest opting are


Make the current method syntactically correct and save it.
Open another browser. If you want to see a class or method that is in your current code, you can cmd+click it or use "browse it", "implementors of", shortcuts that will open another window.


Also in pharo you can use GTSpotter to quickly find what you are looking for and preview its source code
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Smalltalk is a multi-browser system. You'll need to have lots of different browsers open. Smalltalk is opinionated. The system browser (Nautilus) doesn't make it easy to view long methods, steering you towards writing short ones. It doesn't make it easy to have non-compiling code in a method, to steer you towards making small changes.

Experimental/prototypical code you might want to have in a Workspace/Playground. That can save to disk. 

We are aware that it is an issue for people new to Smalltalk. We tried some fixes, they were a lot worse. 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
When you say "this seems like a pretty huge thing to be missing,
and it could be gotten around by just having the option to use
a regular editor" I'm afraid you've entirely missed the point.

Understandable, though -- happens to us all.
Or did. Perhaps it was long ago, but we
were all there.

You might be thinking about the task in terms of
scrolling a giant text up and down to find what
you want. Scroll up -- read a little -- scroll back --
and continue making your changes.

And when you say " I can't imagine any circumstance
where it is OK, in pursuit of any agenda, to throw away
the coder's work against their will "

you are spot on correct, of course.

Imagine -- scrolling around, making dozens of little changes,
and before you've saved them -- poof -- they're all thrown away --
a mistake, perhaps, but completely against your will.
That would be awful. We're agreed.

(In fact, the editor I'm using to type this
 is like that -- I can scroll around the whole thing,
 making little improvements, all over, but it could
 all go --poof-- and disappear, All of it.
 Fairly common occurrence, when editing the web.
)

So let's try another run through that same task.

You get one little teensy, DUMB AS A POST editor,
where you can only see one thing at a time.
And now you just want to scroll somewhere else,
for a moment, and come right back.

Which actually means that

you are attempting to look up a second method,
while already changing a first method 
(which would require the browser toforget the
 context of the first method, and move to the second).

The browser does not know how long you will be away
from this context.  You might go chaining along from
place to place, stop and read an email, take a call,
and go to lunch.

So, the browser cautions
 "Hey - want to save this first?" 


as if to say:


"
  Hey - I can't imagine any circumstance where it is OK,
  in pursuit of any agenda, to throw away the coder's work
  against their will.

  So listen up, coder.

  You want to save this first?
"


But you can't save it.
You must first look something up.
Conundrum.

Ah-ha!  There is a list of methods in that other pane.
One of them is highlighted.

Not those -- that one.
Double click that one.
The one you're already in.

As if to say


" Thanks.  Good catch.
  Yes, I know - can't though.
  I need to change contexts.
  You stay right here.
  And give me another context
  to go wandering about in.
  please.
"


Soon, I expect, they'll start actually talking.
    
    
Title: ide-haskell for atom editor isn&#39;t working
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm trying to use the Ide-Haskell package for atom, but for some reason, it's not working.

First, I have ghc-mod and stylish haskell installed in sandboxes under ~/lib/. Here is what my config.cson file looks like:

athan@THETA ~&gt; cat ~/.atom/config.cson
'global':
  'exception-reporting':
    'userId': '3b5a8a6c-7778-b310-6a5f-d8ecc314b30f'
  'welcome':
    'showOnStartup': false
  'core':
    'themes': [
      'atom-dark-ui'
      'seti-syntax'
    ]
  'ide-haskell':
    'ghcModPath': '/home/athan/lib/ghc-mod-5.2.1.1/.cabal-sandbox/bin/ghc-mod'
    'stylishHaskellPath': '/home/athan/lib/stylish-haskell-0.5.11.0/.cabal-sandbox/bin/stylish-haskell'
  'editor':
    'fontSize': 14
    'showIndentGuide': true
    'showInvisibles': true
    'softWrapAtPreferredLineLength': true
    'invisibles': {}


I've tested those paths, and they're correct - I can call command --help, etc.

I'm also currently running linux, not Mac, so I had to add some keymappings:

athan@THETA ~&gt; cat ~/.atom/keymap.cson
'.workspace':
  'ctrl-alt-o': 'ide-haskell:toggle-output'
'.editor':
  'ctrl-alt-s': 'ide-haskell:prettify-file'


These register just fine, and are visible in the ide-haskell's package settings. However, issuing the keystroke doesn't do anything (It used to open a file and save-as, respectively).

Where am I most likely to have screwed up? I installed ide-haskell before finishing the ghc-mod installation, but that shouldn't really matter... the links are correct. If anyone could help with this, I would be ecstatic :)
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You need to create a cabal project in the directory you're working in. Just run cabal init and answer the questions. Then open atom in the current directory. The Haskell IDE menu should appear.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I know this is old but I want to mention that if you are using stack then you can run stack exec atom to run atom within your configured Haskell environment. That works great for me on Windows.
    
    
Title: IDE Extensions for Visual Studio Express
Description: 
    
    
                    
Just a quickie question about MS Visual Studio Express editions. Can extensions like Jetbrains ReSharper or the Python Tools for VS be installed and made to work with the express editions of Visual Studio?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Unfortunately, No and No.
Re-sharper:

Express editions of Visual Studio do not support Add-Ins and extensions, so ReSharper doesn't work with them.

Source: Does ReSharper work with Visual Studio Express?
Python Tools for VS :

NOTE: you cannot install PTVS (or any extension for that matter) into
the VS Express editions.

Source: Python Tools for Visual Studio Installation:
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
No.


  Express editions of Visual Studio do not support Add-Ins and
  extensions, so ReSharper doesn't work with them.


http://resharper-support.jetbrains.com/entries/23865646-Does-ReSharper-work-with-Visual-Studio-Express-
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
No, you can't however if you're looking for a solid python IDE, you can always use PyCharm.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
No, but you can install Python Tools for Visual Studio with the VS shell which is also free.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
As an update for 2016, PTVS can now be installed in VS Express Web or Desktop 2013/2015.

https://github.com/Microsoft/PTVS/wiki/PTVS-Installation#a-complete-and-perpetually-free-python-ide
    
    
