Title: How to copy a line to clipboard in Eclipse?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm trying to switch to Eclipse from my other IDE and everything works fine so far except for the problem described in the title.

In my previous IDE (Idea) I would position a cursor on a line, press Ctrl+C and the whole line would go to clipboard (if nothing is selected).

Is there any way to copy the whole current line of code to a clipboard with a single shortcut in Eclipse? I.e. without pressing Home twice, then Shift+Down, and then Ctrl+C?

PS JIC: I don't want to duplicate current line up or down - I know how to do that.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Try the Windows/Preference-/ppa href="http://code.google.com/p/copycutcurrentline/" rel="noreferrer"/a/p/div
Answer 2: 

    
    
Do a triple mouse click to select the line, then CTRL+C for the copy operation.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You can use Vrapper to integrate the power of Vim into edting with Eclipse:

"+yy


copies current line into clipboard in Vim :)
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Press ALT+SHIFT+UP to increase the selection. After a couple of times the whole line will be selected and then you can copy it. 
    
    
Title: emacs, etags and using emacs as an IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
My usual tools are Emacs with g++ on a Linux system to implement my research algorithms. For the last some years, I have used emacs in a fairly basic way. I open C or C++ files, edit them with a syntax highlighting scheme of my choice and compile and do other stuff from within emacs (or maybe from a terminal), including using gdb within emacs for debugging. I know about etags and ctags and have played a bit with etags and emacs but don't seem to find that "sweet spot" with the tools.

I was wondering, what do others do to configure emacs just so that it meshes nicely with etags and other tools? What tweaks does one need to do to emacs to make it a better IDE?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
For just tagging info, I also recommend GNU Global.  CScope can do a lot also.  In both cases, they provide a way to find the location of a tag by name, and also the uses of a particular tag.

For "IDE Stuff" there is more to it than just a tagging system.  For that, I recommend the CEDET set of tools for Emacs.  This provides a project management system (EDE) which can create Makefiles to compile your code for you.  There is also a parsing and code analysis part (Semantic) which provides smart completion.  There is a template / code generation system (SRecode) which can convert tags from semantic back into code.  There is even a UML diagram editor (COGRE) which can generate code from a class diagram that you draw in Emacs.

Most people using CEDET only use the parser and smart completion systems, possibly in combination with ECB, and it is ok to use only a subset of CEDET.

For good measure CEDET will also integrate with GNU Global databases so you can reference symbol uses in addition to tag locations along with the regular GNU Global interface for Emacs.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
We've recently started using GNU Global as a replacement for etags, and I've been pretty impressed.  We also use idutils which provides a fast way to search for any strings in the source code.  
    
    
Title: Restore previously open project and pages when starting
Description: 
    
    
                    
A silly question. When I exit from RAD Studio XE2 and then I start it again, I find that all the previously open things now are closed and I must restore them manually.

I would like to find already open 


the project group that was open on previous lession,
all its open pages (source files, welcome page etc. for instance)
breakpoints 
bookmarks 


So I can continue working on it without remembering everything.

Eclipse and Visual Studio do this. How can I make RAD Studio restore all these things (or some of them) on startup?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Try clicking "Auto Save Project Options" on the first page of the Tools/Options dialog.

From the help file:


  Autosaves or updates the project desktop file (.dsk file extension)
  when you close the project or exit the product. 
  
  The .dsk file records your current settings for: 
  
  
  Desktop layout 
  Breakpoints 
  Watch items 
  Files currently open in the IDE 
  
  
  When you reopen the project later, the .dsk file is read, and your
  desktop layout, your breakpoints, and your watches are all restored.
  Also, all files that were opened when the project was closed are
  opened again, regardless of whether they are used by the project.

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
As of 10.3 Rio, you can find this option in Tools &gt; Options &gt; IDE &gt; Saving and Desktop under the Autosave section,
    
    
Title: Free Flex IDE&#39;s
Description: 
    
    
                    
could you recommend some good alternative Flex IDE? I am interested in free editions mostly but I will also take under consideration the paid ones.

Thanks 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You should give a try to FlashDevelop and FDT.

FlashDevelop is free.

http://www.fdt.powerflasher.com/
http://www.flashdevelop.org/wikidocs/index.php?title=Main_Page

Rob
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
FlashDevelop is free, however I'm not a fan of their Flex support.  It's better for straight actionscript development.  There's also the following IDEs:


FDT
Flash Builder
IntelliJ IDEA
Tofino for Visual Studio


Tofino is free, but you need Visual Studio which isn't free.  Flash Builder isn't free, but has a 60 day trial and if you're unemployed or a student, you can get a free copy. IntelliJ has a 'community' edition which is free, but I'm not sure if it includes Flex in it.  Worth a try.  FDT is not free, but has a 30 day trial and if you're an open source project, will provide a free license for it.

I think that's it.  Hope that helps.
    
    
Title: PhpStorm Is throwing an error for phpcs
Description: 
    
    
                    
PHP Code Sniffer

phpcs: Can not correctly run the tool with parameters:
C:\Users\sa\AppData\Local\Temp\___0.tmp\press_home.module --encoding=utf-8
Possible tool process hangup after 5 sec.
Exclude press_home.module from PHP Code Sniffer analysis.


PhpStorm throwing this message frequently. Any idea why PhpStorm showing this error? 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    

  Any idea why PhpStorm showing this error?


Extremely likely because PHP executable that is used to execute phpcs has xdebug enabled -- execution takes longer.

Two possible solutions:


Make sure that PHP executable that is used to execute phpcs has no xdebug enabled. E.g. you may disable xdebug altogether .. or have multiple PHP installations on your computer where default one (that will be used if you type php in terminal) does not have xdebug.
Try increasing timeout in PhpStorm's settings (Settings/Preferences | Languages &amp; Frameworks | PHP | Code Sniffer). On certain systems/setups even increasing timeout to 20+ seconds (which is a lot) may still unable to resolve the issue.


Solution described in #1 is preferred from performance point of view and more reliable (but more difficult to implement, especially if you actually need xdebug locally).
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Increasing a timeout should only be applied when you have good reasons (complex data, remote connection etc.), but most scenarios are analyzed quickly.

Potential Solution for your problem:
You are not providing a code standard as a parameter, so make sure that PHPStorm is calling phpcs with a proper coding standard, thus leaving out the --standard parameter may cause problems.

In PHPStorm under Settings-
Title: IDE or editor for Node.js+Express and CoffeeScript
Description: 
    
    
                    
Preferably an IDE. Integrated support for Subversion/Git is a big plus as we are a group of 6 people working.

Vim/Emacs is not that popular with the other as it is very awkward and hard to get started and it requires alot of effort to learn which takes the focus away from our project.

We're all used to/familiar with Eclipse, so an IDE that resembles Eclipse would be a big plus as well.

Thanks :D
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I think Sublime 2 should be the answer to all your troubles
http://www.sublimetext.com/2
but if you like eclipse, aptana should be nice to
http://aptana.com/
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You should try Aptana or WebStorm, the second one is not free, but worth the required value. WebStorm has a default Node.JS and Express project available. If you select to a new project you can start one with these options as well. The IDE has some nice code completion, good highlighting and a large group of addons to enhance your experience with a lot of new technology.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You should get any Eclipse (or Aptana) and install Nodeclipse. That will add Node.js support.
And Express wizard.

Eclipse for JavaEE developers goes with EGit.

Alternatily you can get full Eclipse with everything above pre-installed as Nodeclipse NTS

There is Coffee Editor, but no running, debugging support currently.

Nodeclipse.org. Current version is 0.3.1


  Features
  
  
  Creating default structure for New Node Project and New Node Source File 
  JavaScript Syntax highlighting
  Content Assistant
  NPM support
  Debugging - Breakpoint, Trace, etc... via Eclipse debugger plugin for V8
  
  
  Installing
  
  Update Site : http://www.nodeclipse.org/updates   
  
  Usage
  
  Check http://www.tomotaro1065.com/nodeclipse/
  For debugging check
  Using-Eclipse-as-Node-Applications-Debugger

    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Seems there's at least limited support for Cloud9 (IDE in the browser): http://cloud9ide.zendesk.com/entries/20559696-create-a-coffeescript-node-js-project

Here's a live compilation extension project:
https://github.com/tanepiper/cloud9-livecoffee-ext

Discussion: http://groups.google.com/group/cloud9-ide/browse_thread/thread/0ae17400825d01f9?pli=1
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
This ide https://atom.io/ from github supports CoffeeScript pretty well. Works fast I particularly like the coloring. I peronally don't like Eclipse, Aptana or similar options, they are so heavy in my computer.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
RubyMine 4.0 (Early Access, US$59 w/free upgrade to 4.0 release) has VCS support (git et al.), debugging, node support, like a full-blown IDE.  It also has CoffeeScript support, though it falls down (as I recall) on debugging --- you end up back in JavaScript land --- which is where I'm doing most of my work now.

I'm using it right now with node, express, and JavaScript (mostly) and CoffeeScript (little experiments).

I assume RubyMine is a superset of WebStorm (same company).  However, for $20 extra, you get ruby + JavaScript IDE, so I would suggest going with RubyMine if you have any inkling of doing ruby or rails in the near future.
    
    
Title: PyCharm auto add import with autocomplete
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am giving PyCharm a try for the first time. Coming from an Eclipse/PyDev environment I have to say so far things have been going well.

There is one feature I am missing that I can't seem to find though and that is as follows:

In the auto-complete list in PyDev, when typing a symbol that doesn't exist in the file's scope it will show a list of modules that it's in. If you select that autocomplete item not only will PyDev complete the symbol for you but it will automatically add the import statement to take care of the dependency as well.

Does this exist in PyCharm?

So far it only seems to autocomplete things already in the scope of the document.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
See Settings | Editor | General | Auto Import.
    
    
Title: Graphical debugger for bash
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is it there any graphical debugger for bash on mac os x or linux? I mean something in the same fashion that the debugging mode of Visual Studio or Eclipse, where one can stop the program hover the mouse pointer over variables and get instantly values, modify them and go backwards and try modifications without the need to start the program fomr the beginning. I am talking about very long bash scripts
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
for debugging execute your script with: 

bash -x &lt;scriptname&gt;


gui debugger:
http://bashdb.sourceforge.net/
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Debugger for Bash version 3(Bourne again shell). Plugin for Eclipse. Will only work with shell script editor ShellEd.
http://sourceforge.net/projects/basheclipse/
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I haven't come across a visual debugger, but bashdb works quite well for debugging. You can set breakpoints, continue, print variables etc..

https://sourceforge.net/projects/bashdb/

Install via your distro's repositories. There is a quick-start guide here:
http://www.rodericksmith.plus.com/outlines/manuals/bashdbOutline.html
(first chapter takes only half an hour to read/try).
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I have found the vscode-bash-debug
 extension (https://github.com/rogalmic/vscode-bash-debug) for the visual studio code editor (https://code.visualstudio.com/) very useful.  
    
    
Title: How to use multiple tabs when tagging to a function in Vim
Description: 
    
    
                    
I use ctags with my Vim and I rely heavily on C-] and C-T to tag back and froth between various functions in my project.

But if the function is in a different file, I'd like Vim to automatically open it in a new tab instead of the current tab. If I pop my tag stack using the C-T, I'd like it go back to the original tab where I pressed by C-] instead of changing the file in the current tab. I don't like to have the same file opened in multiple tabs in Vim. This is the normal behavior for most IDEs and I am wondering if there is a way to do this in Vim? 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
nmap &lt;C-Enter&gt; &lt;C-w&gt;&lt;C-]&gt;&lt;C-w&gt;T


Does this help ? You could probably figure out something similar for the way back.



Well, we need to decide what would be the wanted behaviour. We can go back to the original tab (not sure how, still investigating) but then the above given mapping is gonna open a new tab next time. So you'll end up with a lot of tabs after a while.

Or we can do &lt;C-w&gt;C, which will close the opened tab and take us back to the original one. I, personally, prefer this way of working (that way I don't lose my position in the file)
I go to the function I want, make my corrections there then return to the original file from which I started.
Let me know, what would you like  (this didn't fit in comments so I put the answer here).
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
This might point you in the right direction:

http://vim.wikia.com/wiki/Open_every_buffer_in_its_own_tabpage
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
So, this is a feature I would like to see as well.

I'm not sure if it's possible.

What I usually do is

:tabnew
:tag somepartsoffunction*

and press tab to use globbing to easily find tag.

Sure, it's not an ideal solution, but it works most of the time.

Unfortunately, with VIM tabbing isn't totally integrated since it's a new feature since 7.0. Most people I know that use VIM weren't even aware of tabs until I told them, so with that, I have a feeling there is no way to do it right now.

(I would love to be proven wrong)
    
    
Title: How does VS2008+ReSharper compare to IntelliJ IDEA?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I used to be a Java user, but I moved into 100% .NET 4 years ago. Having grown accustomed to ReSharper and all the commands it offers, how does it compare to IntelliJ? Both being from JetBrains, I'd imagine they are close - but I haven't used it. (I know I can do that and answer myself, but YMMV.)

Thanks;
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I used to work side-by side with idea and vs+resharper. I found them to be close enough that I at some point considered the syntax coloring to be the biggest difference. I'm not sure if that really is correct, but it certainly felt like that at the time.

At the time I was writing a web frontend in C# and a backend in java, and I am fairly certain I was using the proper tool for each job. Remember that IntelliJ Idea is a fairly code-centric IDE and Visual Studio is a very visual IDE. It's just not entirely fair on either of them to compare them directly.

Visual Studio (and also Netbeans for java) tries to assist you with as much as possible through wizards and designers that sometimes hide the code from your view (Visual Studio does an excellent job with the designers, and they even added partial classes to the language to make it even better). Idea tries to give you maximum punch but working with the code instead of creating too many "visual abstractions". Instead it does a really great job of assisting you at the cursor and really feels much more like an extension of my hand/brain motion than Visual Studio does. I think it must be the way concert pianists feel. Am I going over the top here ?

When it comes to the stuff that resharper introduces to Visual Studio, I think the code analysis and refactoring options are fairly identical. I also think a resharper user will feel very much at home in idea. As an Idea user I feel naked in visual studio without resharper :)
    
    
Title: Restore Emacs Session/Desktop
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've been searching for how to restore an emacs session, with no luck. I'm looking to restore all previously open buffers, some of which might contain erc, shells, directory listings, files, etc. 

Every time I open emacs, I spend a considerable amount of time arranging my buffers; splitting them into rows and columns, opening a shell, arranging irc channels. It takes a while to get onto work.

I've tried adding the following to my init.el

(desktop-save-mode 1)


And then using M-x desktop-save. This only seems to restore files that are open, not shells or anything else running within buffers.

I've also checked the following questions:


Session management in emacs using Desktop library
Emacs session / projects / window management
Emacs: reopen buffers from last session on startup?


And read through:


DeskTop and EmacsSession at emacsWiki.org


Here's a screenshot example of my emacs session.

A simple answer would be to just focus on real work :P
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I'd suggest a simple solution - create a function that sets up your preferred layout. For example I like to have some IRC channels in the second half of my screen in separate windows, so that I may have a look at them from time to time, while coding for instance in another window. So I've written some simple code to take care of the window splitting and arrange my buffers as I wish:

;; show some buffers
(defun show-some-buffers (buffer-list)
  (split-window-horizontally)
  (other-window 1)
  (dolist (buffer buffer-list)
    (split-window-vertically)
    (switch-to-buffer (get-buffer buffer))
    (other-window 1))
  ;; at the end we have one extra window we need to delete
  (delete-window)
  (balance-windows))

;; show some erc buffers
(defun show-erc-buffers ()
  (interactive)
  (show-some-buffers '("#emacs" "#clojure")))


The code is fairly simple and features no error checking, but it will give you a hint about what I mean.

You might want to consider using registers as well to store some window configurations.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
As you've found, desktop.el and session.el are a good start, but they don't restore the window layouts.

However, using revive.el you can save/restore arbitrary window configurations, which are remembered between restarts.

Also check out these hints relating to window layouts, which cover winner-mode and the trick of saving window configurations into registers.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
In addition to @Bozhidar's excellent answer on automating your window layout (which I do myself), you may also want to look into using GNU Screen which can be used to retain an arbitrary set of processes across log ins.  There's a pretty good tutorial here, and since you'll be using emacs you'll also want to give this a read.  
    
    
Title: Is there a Javascript IDE that has nothing to do with a browser?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Does anyone know of a program that lets you write javascript; then execute it - all the while having nothing to do with a browser?  I don't want DOM manipulation, the equivalent of Console.Write is enough for me.

I'm thinking of something along the lines of DrScheme - nice big code editing window, let's you run it, stop it.  While all the other features (debugging, etc) would be wicked, they're not vital.

(source: plt-scheme.org)  
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I've been doing some JavaScript work lately using Mozilla Rhino (basically scripting the Apache POI library), which is a JavaScript interpreter written in Java (you can also compile JavaScript scripts to Java classes). I was running my scripts from command line, but I could have easily set my editor (PSPad) to execute and output the script result inside the editor. I believe the same can be done in Eclipse using External Tools, if that's what you're more comfortable with.

Using Mozilla Rhino is kinda nice. You aren't bothered by all the browser quirks out there and you get a pretty nice version of JavaScript to work with, version 1.7. This version of JavaScript has iterators, generators, let expressions, array comprehensions, destructuring assignment, new array functions and Mozilla Rhino has even built in support for continuations.

The down side of Mozilla Rhino is that its exceptions reports are inconsistent and not that informative at times (sometimes the file name and file line is missing). On the other hand though, the package ships with a debugger built with Java Swing. You can set break points right there and do all the things you'd do with a normal debugger.

I've been using a binary version compiled by myself from the CVS sources as there was a bug in the implementations of iterators, which Norris Boyd fixed it immediately after I reported it.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Spket actually looks very cool.

The Spket IDE editor provides features like code completion, syntax highlighting and content outline that helps developers productively create efficient JavaScript code.

http://spket.com/
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Without the browser you would need something to host / script against so I would say that the os is your first point of call.  Some programs provide an extensibility model by using jscript for plugins.  You interface with the applications using jscript.

You have .js and .jse files which can be run on the ms scripting host, assuming you are on windows of course.  

Check out http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/4yyeyb0a(VS.85).aspx

So in a nutshell I am saying you COULD write in notepad, and double click the .js/.jse file and run it.  This would be the simplest approach.

http://www.aptana.com/ is also very cool

Andrew
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Uh. A long time ago I tried Aptana and JSEclipse, however maybe here or here you find an answer.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Aptana, NetBeans, and Komodo all have great features for JavaScript. Even things like jslint-style syntax checking.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Maybe Flex Builder. It uses Actionscript which will accept pure javascript. Or (by inference) FlashDevelop.
    
    
Title: VSCODE - Disable highlighting and outlining in html tags and editor line
Description: 
    
    
                    
These are some of the things I really find visually annoying in VSCODE, I was hoping someone could help me disable them.

1.) Outlining &lt;/strong/ppa href="https://i.stack.imgur.com/gO4I6.jpg" rel="noreferrer"img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/gO4I6.jpg" alt="Check out the outlines in the tag."/a/ppem/em/ppstrong/strong/ppa href="https://i.stack.imgur.com/A11a6.jpg" rel="noreferrer"img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/A11a6.jpg" alt="enter image description here"/a/pp/p/div
Answer 1: 

    
    
Try this one "editor.matchBrackets": false in your Preferences - User/Workspace setting 





Newer Visual Studio Code:

It's in Settings under Editor: Match Brackets


    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
The boxes really annoyed me, but I do like the indication.  I found an extension called Subtle Match Brackets.  It works perfect for me.  It changes to a subtle underline instead of the box.  Here's a link:

Subtle Match Brackets
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
The active line outline can be disabled like this:

"editor.renderLineHighlight": "none"


As for bracket highlighting, I couldn't find any setting for this either. It looks like there are at least three open issues related to this, so you might have to wait until those are resolved:


#18745
#16424
#3788


Personally, I find these indicators helpful. :)
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
See My Last 3 Setting's Press ctrl + , for VS Setting and Search Check Image 
    
    
Title: Why is my application running faster in IntelliJ compared to command-line?
Description: 
    
    
                    
We have an application that imports a large amount of files by splitting the data and sorting it. When running the JUnit test case, the whole process takes about 16 minutes.

Same test, done with mvn clean test -Dtest=MyTest run in 34 minutes. 

We are calling in to /bin/sort to sort the files. The sort seems to be taking longer. I don't understand what is different. 

Looking at IntelliJ it runs with 

/Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/1.6.0_26-b03-383.jdk/Contents/Home/bin/java -Didea.launcher.port=7532 -Didea.launcher.bin.path=/Applications/IntelliJ IDEA 10.app/bin -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 -classpath %classhpath% com.intellij.rt.execution.application.AppMain com.intellij.rt.execution.junit.JUnitStarter -ideVersion5 -junit4 xxx.IntTestImportProcess,testImportProcess


I am on OS X. All the classes are injected using Spring. What are some possible suggestions are theories at what is behind this performance gain in IntelliJ? The tests are identical. I can't share all of the code because there is just so much. But I can add any detail if requested. 

Here is my main class and how I am running both. 

public static void main(String... args) throws IOException {
        if(args.length != 2) {
            System.out.println("Usage: \n  java -jar client.jar spring.xml data_file");
            System.exit(1);
        }
        ApplicationContext applicationContext = new FileSystemXmlApplicationContext(args[0]);
        PeriodFormatter formatter = new PeriodFormatterBuilder()
                .appendMinutes()
                .appendSuffix("minute", "minutes")
                .appendSeparator(" and ")
                .appendSeconds()
                .appendSuffix("second", "seconds")
                .toFormatter();
        URI output = (URI) applicationContext.getBean("workingDirectory");
        File dir = new File(output);
        if(dir.exists()) {
            Files.deleteDirectoryContents(dir.getCanonicalFile());
        }
        else {
            dir.mkdirs();
        }
        ImportProcess importProcess = applicationContext.getBean(ImportProcess.class);
        long start = System.currentTimeMillis();
        File file = new File(args[1]);
        importProcess.beginImport(file);
        Period period = new Period(System.currentTimeMillis() - start); // in milliseconds
        System.out.println(formatter.print(period.toPeriod()));
    }


I have decided to remove JUnit and just use a main() method. The result are exactly the same. IntelliJ is again. Here is the crazy log. 

With IntelliJ

DEBUG [ main] 2011-08-18 13:05:16,259 [er.DelimitedTextUnixDataSorter] Sorting file [/Users/amirraminfar/Desktop/import-process/usage]
DEBUG [ main] 2011-08-18 13:06:09,546 [er.DelimitedTextUnixDataSorter] Sorting file [/Users/amirraminfar/Desktop/import-process/customer]


With java -jar

DEBUG [ main] 2011-08-18 12:10:16,726 [er.DelimitedTextUnixDataSorter] Sorting file [/Users/amirraminfar/Desktop/import-process/usage]
DEBUG [ main] 2011-08-18 12:15:55,893 [er.DelimitedTextUnixDataSorter] Sorting file [/Users/amirraminfar/Desktop/import-process/customer]


The sort command is 

sort -t'    ' -f -k32,32f -k18,18f -k1,1n


As you can see above, sorting in Intellij take 1 minutes but in java -jar takes 5 minutes!

Update

I ran everything using /Library/Java/JavaVirtualMachines/1.6.0_26-b03-383.jdk/Contents/Home/bin/java and the sorting still takes well over 5+ mins. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Thank you everybody for helping. It turns out IntelliJ starts sort with LANG=C. Mac OS X terminal sorts by default in UTF8 which explains the performance loss. Hopefully this answer will help somebody. 
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Is mvn clean doing a rebuild of the project? Is the run under IDEA not doing that? Does building the project with Maven take 18 minutes (I wouldn't be surprised if it did, given that Maven is the absolute pits)?

If the answers to all these questions are 'yes', then i think you have a conclusion.

The solution is to take Maven to the woods, shoot it, then bury it in an unmarked grave.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
A guess more than substantiated answer:

A lot may depend on I/O buffering. Sort over 500K records is going to output a lot of data, so the right buffer size may matter a lot. I think the tty is typically line buffered, so it is going to do 500K read &amp; write ops, and the IDE may simply read in much larger buffers.

Additionally, it is possible that OSX has process or I/O scheduling which heavily favours GUI apps over console ones (which could be detected through being bound to a tty), so it might be that you have to wait &amp; idle a lot more time from the console than from within the IDE.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
This question's not exactly properly defined and far from clear.
Are you saying you read out a list of files in a folder using Java IO and then pass it to external process to sort them?
Sounds as a bit strange solution to me, but anyway, this has to be memory related. Connect to both apps using JConsole and look for clues in charts.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
mvn is probably launching a JVM with different options than your IDE.

Real differences between &quot;java -server&quot; and &quot;java -client&quot;? can cause substantial differences in performance for long running applications, but sometimes differences in gc flags can cause performance differences when your app uses memory in different ways.

If your process is memory bound and so thrashes at some memory level, heap flags like -Xmx can drastically affect performance too.  Memory profiling can easily rule this in or out.

To diagnose these differences, look at your mvn configuration files to figure out how it is launching a JVM, and look at your IDE java app launcher configuration.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Have you tried using a profiler such as VisualVM to see what is is the bottleneck? Also compare the CPU usage graphs of your computer (Mac should have some system monitor). Maybe the process is blocking at some point and not working effectively, which could be seen as a CPU usage graph of different shape.
    
    
Title: PyCharm: How to skip over closing braces / brackets / parentheses?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I can't get the auto-indentations to work properly unless I use the automatic closing of braces, et al (which I don't like), and I see no option allowing one to skip over/out.

Eclipse has a configuration option for this, and Visual Studio doesn't auto-close everything by default, but rather formats the code block after manually entering the closing brace (which I rather prefer).

Surely there's something apart from going all the way over to the "End" key?

Edit / update:

As I consider it bad form to leave a question without a marked answer, would someone with more recent experience with PyCharm (I haven't used it in quite some time) weigh in with a recommendation for the best among the below solutions? Perhaps there's a newer configuration option or simple solution not yet listed? 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Shift + Enter will jump past completions and drop you onto the next line.

Ctrl + ] will jump to the end of the current element. 

This seems to work in most cases to skip past auto-completions. I find it the most versatile of the options.

Ctrl + [ will jump you to the start of whatever code block you are in.

As previously mentioned Ctrl + Shift + Enter will add any extra auto-completions you might need and drop onto a new line.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Press Ctrl-Shift-Enter to close the missing braces on the current line (if any), add the missing colon (if missing) and put the caret into the correctly indented position on the next line.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
A college told me a solution:

First you type this:

def test_foo(


PyCharm inserts self) as soon as you type (

Current state: ^ indicates the cursor position:

def test_foo(self^):


Just type ): and hit ENTER, and you are on the next line.

Since I type with ten fingers Ctrl-Shift-Enter is not a solution for me in such common editing operations.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Why do you dislike the auto-closing brackets? They do not disturb anyone, see:
^ specifies the cursor position  

method([a, {b: c^}])
behaves as if no brackets were there if you insert new brackets!  

insert a '}':
method([a, {b: c}^])
now insert a ']':
method([a, {b: c}]^)
now insert a ')':
method([a, {b: c}])^   

et voila! From a users point of view, if you typed blindly, you can not tell from what you see now if the auto-closing brackets were inserted or not.

Or simply: keep the closing brackets on. IntelliJ did a great work on a lot of small things we want to have intuitively.
    
    
Title: How do I run a single Java file having main() in Eclipse, without creating an entire Java project?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Here's what I've got:


I have a TestFile.java with the same class name.
This class has a valid main() method.
The file is easily run via terminal using javac and then java, gives intended output.


However, when I drag and drop(or open) the file into Eclipse and try to Run As, I don't get Run As Java Application or anything that can run that single/independent(of any project) Java file/class.

When I try to just Run, I get a pop-up saying "Run As Ant Build. Now, I never setup ant build.

All I want is to run just one this Java file and see the output/error in Console that is visible just below the editor in perspective.

I didn't and don't intend to write/setup a full fledged Java project with package name and all, in which case Run as Java Application simply comes. I just want to run one independent Java class/file in Eclipse with a main() method in it.

I am on Mac. If there's any other app/IDE which does that for Java and/or other languages then I think that will be very useful.

Update: I created a Java project in Eclipse and a test.java inside that and I keep changing/editing/adding in the same file whenever I need to write a quick code and run it. No way to really drag-drop-run in Eclipse.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can't compile &amp; run just one file in Eclipse without the file being in a java project.

It is a very quick and easy process to create a Java Project in eclipse. 

File -&gt; New -&gt; Java Project


You can use the default package (though it is not recommended) and put your single file in it and run it.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Try jGRASP, it's a really simple editor and compiler.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You can do that in any Eclipse project with org.eclipse.jdt.core.javanature (check/edit .project file).

So just open .project file and add

&lt;natures&gt;
    &lt;nature&gt;org.eclipse.jdt.core.javanature&lt;/nature&gt;
&lt;/natures&gt;


if it is not yet there.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
You can run the java file in the cmd command window. 

make sure you have install the java environment.

java -version


output:
    java version "1.7.0_07"
    Java(TM) SE Runtime Environment (build 1.7.0_07-b11)
    Java HotSpot(TM) 64-Bit Server VM (build 23.3-b01, mixed mode)

cd javafilepath

java yourjavafilename.java

    
    
Title: Where can I get a VB6 IDE [duplicate]
Description: 
    
    
                        
            
        
            
                
                    
                        This question already has answers here:
                        
                    
                
            
                Closed 8 years ago.
        


    


  Possible Duplicate:
  How to compile legacy VB6 code  




Where can I find an IDE for VB6? I'm guessing I need to get a copy of Visual Studio 6, but I've been googling for hours and I can't find anything.

I need to do some simple maintenance on an old VB6 application. Upgrading it to .NET would cause lots of work on the deployment and testing side of things so I would prefer to avoid that. And I would rather not resort to notepad and command line compiler either.

Is there any better solution to my problem?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Legal options:


There are many copies of visual studio 6.0 on eBay that look legit.
Find someone that has VB6 and have them fix it.
Get an MSDN subscription (unsure which level is needed - Hans says Universal includes VB6)

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
If converting to VB.NET is an option, you could check out Microsofts upgrade assement tool at:
http://www.microsoft.com/download/en/details.aspx?displaylang=en&amp;id=9639.

I can't believe VB6 is still alive, not too long ago I had to write an ActiveX control for use with VB6.
    
    
Title: What is an IDE doing when it&#39;s indexing?
Description: 
    
    
                    
When an IDE says it's indexing what does that mean? What is actually going on "under the hood"? Is it safe for me to build my project during it indexing or should I wait until it's finished indexing?

I'm assuming indexing is a common thing for IDEs but I've never had an explanation of indexing. I simply see the word indexing and think "I know that word, must be doing something." and I just take it for granted and expect it to happen.

What is indexing?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Different IDEs do different things, but typically it means that the IDE is processing up files so that it can offer Code Completion features (the box that gives you options when you type a partial line of code). Without indexing, the IDE would have to search through your files for the options to display as you are typing, which would be very slow.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
The indexing provides a quick way to locate certain elements, e.g. files containing a certain word or methods with a particular name, in large codebases. Developers can use the existing indexes built by the IDE itself, as well as build and use their own indexes.
    
    
Title: Is there an eclipse plugin that creates an outline view for the &ldquo;javascript revealing module pattern&rdquo;?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I like eclipse, and with some tweaking it can be used for javascript programming. There's syntax completion, linting, formatting, and there's "outlining", albeit only for simple javascript files.

What annoys me is that there is no "Outline View" for files that follow the "revealing module" design pattern. This happens to be my favorite coding style. 

Is there a plugin somewhere that adds to Eclipse an "extended" outline view that is able to "see inside" the nested structure of a .js file written in the "revealing module style", showing the encapsulated private functions and members? (The normal "eclipse outline view is usually empty for this type of style).
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Answering my own question, again:

The javascript functions inside the IIFE must be annotated in the JSDoc style, then they will appear in the outline view. 

The whole process is described here, with screenshots:

http://www.kajabity.com/2012/02/how-i-introduced-jsdoc-into-a-javascript-project-and-found-my-eclipse-outline/
    
    
Title: Set next instruction in NetBeans IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
Does NetBeans have something akin to "Set Next Statement/Instruction" when debugging in Java?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
No, unfortunately. This is one feature from Visual Studio that I really miss, but you just deal with it...
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
How does 'Set Next Statement/Instruction' work?

You could set the cursor or a breakpoint to a specific line and resume debugging until this point via F4 or F5. Would this help? 

Otherwise the keyboard is your friend: 


F7 == 'go into'
F8 == 'next line'
F5 == 'resume'
F4 == run to cursor
etc see the Debug-Menu-entry

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
There is the "Continue At" option, which, although nowhere near as good as VS's "Set Next Statement" can be quite useful.  Not sure if this is available in Java, but it is in C++.
    
    
Title: Playframework 2.3.0 issue with Scala IDE (Kepler)
Description: 
    
    
                    
Environment: Java 8, Scala 10, play 2.3.0 sbt plugin, scala ide kepler Version: 4.3.0 



Issue: 1. Generated classes for "index.scala.html" and my own created new templates is populating properly into "/my-first-app/target/scala-2.10/classes_managed/views/html" folder
but while writing code into application controller I am not able to see these class when I tried to import classes individually instead of import views.html.* but I am not able to do that its not showing generated class I don't know why? 

What I have tried:


windows-
Answer 1: 

    
    
Try again! 
Scala ide just got an update and at least the nightly version supports play 2.3. 

The update site for eclipse kepler is
http://download.scala-ide.org/sdk/lithium/e38/scala211/dev/site/

In eclipse go to project&gt;properties&gt;play2 and remove all the play.api.templates imports, those don't exist anymore. 



ps: on a side note: 
i've started a google doc with notes on play+eclipse, feel free to add your own findings. Play 2.3 and Eclipse
    
    
Title: Flash Programming on Linux
Description: 
    
    
                    
Does anybody knows good IDE that will allow me to develop flash application on Linux?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You may find some useful suggestions over here.

I use Flex Builder for Linux to build applications using Flex. However it can be a bit fiddly to set up currently due to it requiring newer the latest version of the AIR SDK (see the release notes on how to upgrade). Also the MXML editor broken with Eclipse 3.4, so you'll want to stick with 3.3 until they release a patch, or patch 3.4 yourself according to this (untried by me).
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
In addition to Flex Builder, you can use FDT by PowerFlasher, awesome product.

Website:
http://fdt.powerflasher.com

I don't mean to sound a bit mean, but Noldorin's answer is no good at all and misleading, in fact it is fact-less. Flash development restricted to Windows? REALLY?!?!
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I've wrote a command line tool called LFD to make it easier to develop flash applications on Linux.

However LFD mainly is a util tool based on Flex SDK. You may use your favorite code editor like vim or emacs to edit codes. It's not an IDE. 

May it help you!
    
    
Title: PHP development environment best practices
Description: 
    
    
                    
There are so many options when it comes to PHP development environments and you have to piece it all together yourself.

I'm wondering if someone has come up with what they think is the ideal setup that gets out of your way and lets you develop.

Right now I use vim and svn from the command-line.  I write scripts to manage builds but I'm thinking about looking into Phing.

I love vim but I'm seriously thinking of trying Eclipse with the PHP plugin because I imagine it makes common SVN options a bit easier (moving files around in a project).

Something to support continuous integration on the database would be a major plus!

UPDATE: Just wanted to stress that previous line up there.  I realize some frameworks will help with this, but I don't use a framework.  Is there some simple module out there (included in the IDE or not) that will let me easily tie my database schemas/data to a subversion revision, letting me rollback and forward, tag, branch, etc?

Any comments on things beyond the editor?  For example: Builds, managing staging/production/development environments, automated testing and building upon SVN commit, etc.  Ideally we can make this post a "Go to Whoah" for setting up a professional PHP team development environment.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I recommend to use a complete featured IDE like the PDT (the eclipse PHP project), it gives you:
debugging (using Xdebug or ZendDebugger)

SVN/CVS very convinient integration

DB integration (the DTP plugin)

and much more, based on features of the PDT and eclipse plugins

if you have some money to spent, I think the Zend Studio For eclipse worth it.
It gives you better debugging, PHPUnit integration, ZendFramewrok support, Refactoring and remote system support (ftp, ssh etc.)
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I'm giving Netbeans 6.5 PHP bundle a try and liking it very much. I find debugging in it is less clunky than in Eclipse PDT.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I too love vim and used to develop using the same environment as you. These days though I find Eclipse PDT, with Subclipse for SVN integration, to be invaluable. XDebug is great too - no more var_dump();exit; for debugging.

One of the best plugins for a vim fan moving to Eclipse: viPlugin. Well worth the token licence fee to have vi key bindings in Eclipse.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
If you are working from the command line, using Git's SVN module eases most of the SVN pain - it handles deletes and moves automagically.  

The GUI front ends (kgit or qgit) provide a very intuitive history browser.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I personally like the way that AptanaStudio has pre-packaged all the great Eclipse modules you need to have a very smooth PHP development environment
    
    
Title: Visual Studio: Break on variable change?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have a member variable struct in a C++ class I'm debugging in Visual Studio 2008 Professional. I would like to break any time the struct changes. Is it possible to do this, or must I look for every possible point in the code it could change, and set breakpoints there?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
If you can determine the address of the member, you can set a data breakpoint on it:

https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/5557y8b4.aspx#BKMK_Set_a_data_change_breakpoint__native_C___only_
    
    
Title: Visual Studio Code - lagging when typing
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have just installed Visual Studio Code together with the Java Extension Pack. However, when I opened my first file and started typing, the text I type appears after a delay - reaching up even one second. 
I have a hunch that it might be due to the number of processes going behind the editor, like real-time syntax checking, autocompletion, code hints et cetera. Perhaps the laptop I am working at simply cannot handle that much. These are the parameters of my current machine: 
Processor: Intel(R) Caleron(R) CPU N3350 (1.10 GHz) 
RAM: 4 GB  
I have another hunch that it may be due to the processor. 
So, are there a ways to switch off these facilities like real-time error-checking? If not, what other IDEs for Java could you reccomend? (Apart from Eclipse)
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Had the same problem using Visual Studio Code while using Android Studio along with an Android Simulator in the background, and I run 8GB RAM and a CPU of 3.2GHz but when I returned to Notepad++ (I know its suicidal), to check if it is my problem or because of the IDEs, I typed in real time.

It is due to your processor as Visual Studio Code is not really recommended for "slow" CPUs. Personally I like it, although an IDE in the likes of Vim might suit you better.

Here is a link that might give some more hints:
https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode/issues/38409
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
The easiest solution I found was to download and install Visual Studio Code Insiders.  It's nearly identical except that it's known to lag less.  Installing this will also clear any extensions or preferences you have enabled which might be causing the lag:

https://code.visualstudio.com/insiders/

You may also need to run it from the command line with the --disable-gpu flag

code-insiders --disable-gpu


or

/Applications/Visual\ Studio\ Code\ -\ Insiders.app/Contents/MacOS/Electron --disable-gpu


depending on your OS
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Same for me, I often let the computer sleep instead of turn off and kill all processes so it was normal for me that the VS was open for a few days, the solution was to close visual studio and reopen it.
    
    
Title: Can you suggest free javascript plugin for IntelliJ IDEA?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Downloaded IntelliJ IDEA Community Edition, realized that it has no JavaScript Support and Debugger.

Any suggestions for good free plugin?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
It's not a plugin, but you could try the WebStorm IDE from the same guys. 

There's a free trial version (30 days, I think), but it's only 29 at the moment for a personal license (as of May 2011, I don't know the dollar price the website detects where you are and only gives prices for your country of residence).
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Just in case, I found Netbeans more productive than Eclipse/IntelliJ (CE) at least for web/UI/jQuery. Its amazing inline compilation of JavaScript helped much in shooting the bug at development time rather than testing in browser and not to forget amazing intellisense for jQuery functions.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
IntelliJ 11 does support JS debugging with Chrome (maybe Firefox too), but only the ultimate edition.

But it's not just the debugging. It offers code completion (for libraries too), reformatting the code according to the specified coding style, etc.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
For what it's worth, SonarLint seems to be decent for the new IntelliJ Community Edition (with Java8)
    
    
Title: Voice operated Software development tools
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have been suffering from severe RSI on my hands and wrists and as a full-time Java programmer, and this is becoming a risk to my livelihood. I use Dragon Dictate for the Mac, which does quite a good job of writing English, but speaking to it in Java is very cumbersome due to the cryptic nature of programming languages. Navigating the code is also tricky and can be rather exhausting.

I currently use the Eclipse IDE but haven't found any plug-ins to help in this regard.  from what I have read in other posts in this forum (for example, Voice recognition software for developers, and Can i write sql using speech recognition), the approach I should take should be to give Dragon Dictate a custom vocabulary consisting of Java keywords, and to create a number of custom voice triggered commands that correspond to existing shortcut keys (e.g., "navigate to superclass") or sequences of actions that I perform on a routine basis using AppleScript ( e.g., commit to SVN").

I could just go ahead and implement this (with some difficulty due to physical limitations) but cant help feeling that I would be reinventing the wheel. I mean, surely RSI must be a relatively common problem among programmers, and I would have expected that there might be a plug-in or even, an IDE, that facilitates coding by voice and also associated tasks (for example, debugging the program by stepping through it etc.) I just don't seem to find this anywhere.  

If anybody has any suggestions about the Java IDE that I could use (I don't need to use Eclipse obviously) I'll be very interested to hear them.

Alternatively, if anybody uses Dragon Dictate for the Mac and has a command set for Eclipse or another Java IDE that they are willing to share with me, that would also be a great help.

Thanks, Ixent
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
http://voicecode.io

I recently released VoiceCode, a coding-by-voice solution I created to solve my own RSI issues.

I use it mostly for coding in Sublime Text and Xcode, using the terminal, and other general computer usage. The great thing about this solution is that all the commands can be chained into "command phrases" so you don't have to pause between every individual command like you do with other voice command solutions.

It has builtin support for all standard variable-name formats (snake case, camel case, etc), has builtin commands for every permutation of keyboard shortcuts (ie command-shift-5, command-option-shift-T, and so on), has cursor movement commands, app switching commands, window switching commands, text-selection commands, commands for symbol combos like "=
Answer 2: 

    
    
I work with clients who have DNS. I have created for them scripts for their own work environment. I have experience with DNS and the fustrations which it can cause to navigate.

You are probably right, there might be others like you. But how do you bring them together. It might be best to start a user community. Depending on your contacts, you probably could get funding for leading such a community.

How to Start a Support Group


American Self-Help Group Clearinghouse

There is another article you might be interested in reading.

Good luck
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Look at this https://polaris-a.com

"Programmers of the 21st century will know Polaris as a name for a Eclipse IDE voice recognition plugin. It can quickly turn your spoken words into actions.
With Polaris you have ability to control Eclipse IDE main functionality, without the need to use a mouse or keyboard."
    
    
Title: Efficient and recursive way to navigate through R code on Rstudio?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am using RStudio.

I'm starting to feel the need to go through packges code to deeper understanding or hack certains functions. When I try to navigate using Using Ctrl+Click with the mouse For functions defined within packages the code is displayed in a special Source Viewer.

The problem of this view 


It is read only view(why?). You can't go to through the code of functions called and defined else. I know other IDE (for other languages) where we can go through the code recursively in read only-mode. 
For generic function , we have only the UseMethod line without the code.


My solution was is to load the package(code source) and to go through the code using the Find in files option.  

Do you have more efficient method to go respectively through the code? 
 I am open to suggestions: other IDE? Windows/unix? network solution: Do you think it is possible to install Rstudio server version on the cloud to go through all R package without loading?

PS : My question is mainly about going through the code not hacking it.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I generally find github to be the best way to dig into packages (for those posted there).  While this is far from a perfect solution, it often also includes the tests and links to additional documentation that you don't always find with the standard "?".  This approach is generally most useful if you need to truly grok a package, rather than simply understanding a poorly documented signature.  Hadley Wickham's lubridate is a package where this approach paid off for me.  Additionally, I find I get a better sense of the quality of the code from examining the tests and ancillary files.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Put the cursor on the function and press 'F2'. This is equivalent to the 'F3' of Eclipse
    
    
Title: Java IDEs vs Microsoft IDEs
Description: 
    
    
                    
I come from a strong Java background and in recent years have been also developing in C#.

What I can never understand is how far behind (Personal Opinion) the Visual Studio IDE's are in compared with Intelli-J IDEA and Eclipse (Java).

There have been improvements by Microsoft from VS 2005 to VS 2008, but I feel they are not quite there in terms of taking the development experience to the next level.

What I want to know is, is VS 2010 any different?

Why is it that the tools and syntax editors are so much more "evolved" in the Java IDE's.

Just to name a few:


Code Completion (Much more advance in Java IDE's)
Ant Integration (Eclipse and IDEA) vs Visual Studio Build Events
Lack of Code Repository integration in VS (Subversion and CVS) out of the box.
Lack of Advance Re-factoring Tools in Visual Studio.


Thanks.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
A few points


People tend to like what they know.
It is quicker to get up-to-speed in C# as the IDE and most of the tools / docs come from a single source.
In the Java world you have a lot more chooses, this is great for expert that spend times learning about them all, but does also lead to its own problems.
Adding ReSharper or Refactor to Visual Studio may give you what you want.
The Visual Studio debugging is great.
Visual Studio tries to make life easy for you by trying to find missing dlls etc and then storing where they are in the registry.   This may be great for a 1 man project, but can often lead to build problems across developers machines if you are not careful.  In the Java world you have to edit more config file by hand, but at least you can put these files under source code control.
There is not a small command line tool that works well on a build server that will build all types of Visual Studio projects.   However in day to day usage you dont need to learn how to use command tools, as Visual Studio hides them form you.



  I think these days most programmers
  are just happier with the IDE they
  know best.




Note I wrote this over 6 years ago, since then C#/.Net has got a lot more complex, with lots of open source projects.   Microsoft has also open sourced a lot of the .net framework.   For web and server side development I expect there is now little to choose between the Java world and the .Net world.    For smart clients .net still have a lot to offer including the new support from cross device phone development.

For multi-threaded IO, I think c# is years ahead of Java, but that could change as C# and Java keeps learning from each other...
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Visual Studio has definitely been coming on over the last few years - although many of the improvements have basically been things that Eclipse has had for ages (I haven't used IDEA myself).

You may well want to look at ReSharper, which brings more goodness to Visual Studio, along with the VS2010 Productivity PowerTools.

Also, have a look at Scott Guthrie's blog series about improvements in VS2010. Lots of goodies in there.

All tools have their strengths and weaknesses - these days I'm about as happy in Visual Studio as in Eclipse... although I'm much happier writing C# than Java :) One area where Visual Studio really shines is debugging though... I find things like the VS Watch window to be much better than Eclipse's equivalent.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Visual studio 2017 is still far far behind Intellij IDEA. I'm using both and i can say that even VS2017 with ReSharper is not comparable with IDEA. 

Biggest problem for me is that VS still doesn't offer usable hot reload debugging experience. I'm crying every time i have to rebuild my .NET MVC project (it is +- fast, but IIS Express load time ~ 15s EVERY time you make even the smallest change in your code).

If you want to argue with "Edit and continue" so so hotreload function - it is absolutely useless, you can't do almost any change in code without rebuilding (and everytime you have to manually break code and close opened tab with useless information).

So i'm really looking forward for full version of IntelliJ Rider bringing all super user friendly possibilities of IntelliJ IDEA to the .NET world! 
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I don't agree with you. I think VS is much more easy to use.
For example, when i need to create a web application. I open VS and create a new project (Web Application). After the project created, i press f5 and tadda!...
But if want to create my web application with Java, i need to install a server or some frameworks. Still i don't know how can i create a web application?

Or, Windows Application.
At VS, you don't need do any thing to create a windows based application like web application. but if i want to create windows based application with Java, i had to do something.

I think VS IDE is more user friendly than Java IDE's.
    
    
Title: Run Destination Not Valid For Running Scheme Xcode
Description: 
    
    
                    
Just downloaded Xcode and I am trying to run a simple C++ file to make sure everything works and whenever I try to run the .cpp file I am given this: "The run destination My Mac is not valid for Running the scheme 'Scheme_Name'.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
happened the same to me with a project I downloaded. In my case, the solution was to change the "Base SDK" to the latest OS X in the Build Settings.

To do so, click on the project name in the navigator on the left, then on Build Settings and in the main window you should look for Base SDK. 

If Base SDK does not show, ensure that "All" is selected in the filter at the top of the page.


    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
In my case, I had the same issue when I duplicated and renamed a project. I solved by setting the Build Target in the Scheme Edit view.

    
    
Title: Android Studio - Remove Module - IncorrectOperationException: Must not change document outside command or undo-transparent action
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm trying to remove/delete a module I've in my project.

I go to "Module Settings" and then I select my module and press the "-" (minus) button. It ask's me if I really want to delete it and I do press "yes". Then this Exception is genereated:

12:53:05 ExtensionException: org.intellij.lang.batch.runner.BatchRunConfigurationProducer: org.intellij.lang.batch.runner.BatchRunConfigurationProducer
12:53:10 IncorrectOperationException: Must not change document outside command or undo-transparent action. See com.intellij.openapi.command.WriteCommandAction or com.intellij.openapi.command.CommandProcessor: Must not change document outside command or undo-transparent action. See com.intellij.openapi.command.WriteCommandAction or com.intellij.openapi.command.CommandProcessor


If I got back to module settings my module is not there anymore but it is still in the project tree. I re-start android studio and go back to module settings and my module is back there again.

Anyone has this problem? How can I fix this?

Using android studio 0.5.1
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
It's a bug; I haven't tested it to see if it will be fixed in 0.5.2, but there are exceptions of this sort all over the place that are really annoying at the moment.

As a workaround, remove the reference to your module in your settings.gradle file and click the Sync Project with Gradle Files button. Your module files will still be on disk and you will be able to see them from the Project view in the IDE, but they won't be linked into the code any more, and you can delete the files if you wish.

UPDATE

It's bug https://code.google.com/p/android/issues/detail?id=67220 and will be fixed in the 0.5.2 or 0.5.3 release.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Right click the project /ppimg src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/JLMPE.png" alt="enter image description here"/pp/pp/ppimg src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/WPbW4.png" alt="enter image description here"/pp/p/div
Title: How to uninstall cocos2d templates?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Situation:
 - Just few hours ago I intalled cocos2d 2.x  
 - But just before it I delete template files of cocos2d 1.0.1  
 - Now I can't see template files of cocos2d 2.x 
 - In Xcode both of the templates are visible, and I can use them. 

Question: How I can delete cocos2d 1.0.1 templates, if I already delete files of this templates? Why I can't see files of cocos2d 2.x?

Thanks in advance!
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
This will be helpful for those who try to reinstall or delete Cocos2D Templates!

If you delete all the files from thi path: ~/Library/Application Support/Developer/
If you tried to delete it with command in Terminal.app: cd &quot;your path&quot; ./install-templates.sh -u -f
If you tried to reinstall Xcode.app

Nothing helps?
I found solution of this problem! 
What you need to do is:

Open the Finder
Press Shift-Command-G
Enter the Path: /Users/Your_Username/Library/Developer
Press Go
Open Xcode Folder
Open Templates Folder
Delete Cocos2D Folder
Open File Templates Folder
Delete Cocos2D Folder

That's all!
P.S As well you can modify the names of templates and tabs in Xcode. Simply just by renaming folders of the templates.
P.P.S By the way right now you can upgrade to Cocos2D 2.x. Download it from here: Cocos2D
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
For Xcode 5.1 and later 

Command+Alt+G (go to) /Users//Library/Developer/Xcode/Templates

Then delete 3d party templates folder.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Try looking at this link:
http://www.cocos2d-iphone.org/forum/topic/4082
You might need to manually remove the files if all else fails.
Hope it helps! :)
    
    
Title: I can&#39;t type curly braces in Eclipse
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have been working with Java in an Eclipse IDE. I can type every single character just fine except for the '{' character. I need to resort to Ctrl+c and Ctrl+v every single time when I want to create a new block of {}.

In the Window
Answer 1: 

    
    
The problem is with the skip breakpoints option.
After unbinding the Alt+B key command, try to unbind the Ctr+Alt+B (skip brakepoints).

This solved my problem.
If you try to type the "{" you can see the skip breakpoint option flashing.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Go Windows-/p/div
Answer 3: 

    
    
Solution: Window &rightarrow; Perspective &rightarrow; Customize Perspective &rightarrow; Debug - &rightarrow; point on Skip All Breakpoints &rightarrow; Key bindings and change it form Ctrl + Alt + B to Ctrl + Alt + M.
    
    
Title: Proportional font IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
I would really like to see a proportional font IDE, even if I have to build it myself (perhaps as an extension to Visual Studio). What I basically mean is MS Word style editing of code that sort of looks like the typographical style in The C++ Programming Language book.

I want to set tab stops for my indents and lining up function signatures and rows of assignment statements,  which could be specified in points instead of fixed character positions. I would also like bold and italics. Various font sizes and even style sheets would be cool.

Has anyone seen anything like this out there or know the best way to start building one?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I'd still like to see a popular editor or IDE implement elastic tabstops.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Thinking with Style suggests to use your favorite text-manipulation software like Word or Writer. Create your programme code in rich XML and extract the compiler-relevant sections with XSLT. The "Office" software will provide all advanced text-manipulation and formatting features.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
i expected you'll get down-modded and picked on for that suggestion, but there's some real sense to the idea. 

The main advantage of the traditional 'non-proportional' font requirement in code editors is to ease the burden of performing code formatting. 

But with all of the interactive automatic formatting that occurs in modern IDE's, it's really possible that a proportional font could improve the readability of the code (rather than hampering it, as i'm sure many purists would expect).

A character called Roedy Green (famous for his 'how to write unmaintainable code' articles) wrote about a theoretical editor/language, based on Java and called Bali. It didn't include non-proportional fonts exactly, but it did include the idea of having non-uniform font-sizes.

Also, this short Joel Spolsky post posts to a solution, elastic tab stops (as mentioned by another commentor) that would help with the support of non-proportional (and variable sized) fonts.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
@Thomas Owens


  I don't find code formatted like that easier to read.


That's fine, it is just a personal preference and we can disagree.  Format it the way you think is best and I'll respect it.  I frequently ask myself 'how should I format this or that thing?'  My answer is always to format it to improve readability, which I admit can be subjective.

Regarding your sample, I just like having that nicely aligned column on the right hand side, its sort of a quick "index" into the code on the left.  Having said that, I would probably avoid commenting every line like that anyway because the code itself shouldn't need that much explanation.  And if it does I tend to write a paragraph above the code.

But consider this example from the original poster.  Its easier to spot the comments in the second one in my opinion.

for (size-type i = 0; i&lt;v.size(); i++) { // rehash:
    size-type ii = has(v[i].key)%b.size9); // hash
    v[i].next = b[ii]; // link
    b[ii] = &amp;v[i];
}

for (size-type i = 0; i&lt;v.size(); i++) {     // rehash:
    size-type ii = has(v[i].key)%b.size9);   // hash
    v[i].next = b[ii];                       // link
    b[ii] = &amp;v[i];
}

    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
@Thomas Owens


  But do people really line comments up
  like that? ... I never try to
  line up declarations or comments or
  anything, and the only place I've ever
  seen that is in textbooks.


Yes people do line up comments and declarations and all sorts of things.  Consistently well formatted code is easier to read and code that is easier to read is easier to maintain.  
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I wonder why nobody actually answers your question, and why the accepted answer doesn't really have anything to do with your question. But anyway...

a proportional font IDE

In Eclipse you can cchoose any font on your system.

set tab stops for my indents

In Eclipse you can configure the automatic indentation, including setting it to "tabs only".

lining up function signatures and rows of assignment statements

In Eclipse, automatic indentation does that.

which could be specified in points instead of fixed character positions.

Sorry, I don't think Eclipse can help you there. But it is open source. ;-)

bold and italics

Eclipse has that.

Various font sizes and even style sheets would be cool

I think Eclipse only uses one font and font-size for each file type (for example Java source file), but you can have different "style sheets" for different file types.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
When I last looked at Eclipse (some time ago now!) it allowed you to choose any installed font to work in.  Not so sure whether it supported the notion of indenting using tab stops.  

It looked cool, but the code was definitely harder to read...
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
Soeren: That's kind of neat, IMO. But do people really line comments up like that? For my end of line comments, I always use a single space then // or /* or equivalent, depending on language I'm using. I never try to line up declarations or comments or anything, and the only place I've ever seen that is in textbooks.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
@Brian Ensink: I don't find code formatted like that easier to read.

int var1 = 1 //Comment
int longerVar = 2 //Comment
int anotherVar = 4 //Command


versus

int var2       = 1 //Comment
int longerVar  = 2 //Comment
int anotherVar = 4 //Comment


I find the first lines easier to read than the second lines, personally.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
The indentation part of your question is being done today in a real product, though possibly to even a greater level of automation than you imagined, the product I mention is an XSLT IDE, but the same formatting principles would work with most (but not all) conventional code syntaxes.

This really has to be seen in video to get the sense of it all (sorry about the music back-track). There's also a light XML editor spin-off product, XMLQuire, that serves as a technology demonstrator.

The screenshot below shows XML formatted with quite complex formatting rules in this XSLT IDE, where all indentation is performed word-processor style, using the left margin - not space or tab characters.



To emphasise this formatting concept, all characters have been highlighted to show where the left-margin extends to keep indentation. I use the term Virtual Formatting to describe this - it's not like elastic tab stops, because there simply are no tabs, just margin information which is part of the 'paragraph' formatting (RTF codes are used here). The parser reformats continuously, in the same pass as syntax coloring.

A proportional font hasn't been used here, but it could have been quite easily - because the indentation is set in TWIPS. The editing experience is quite compelling because, as you refactor the code (XML in this case), perhaps through drag and drop, or by extending the length of an attribute value, the indentation just re-flows itself to fit - there's no tab-key or 'reformat' button to press.

So, the indentation is there, but the font work is a more complex problem. I've experimented with this, but found that if fonts are re-selected as you type, the horizontal shifting of the code is too distracting - there would need to be a user-initiated 'format fonts' command probably. The product also has Ink/Handwriting technology built-in for annotating code, but I've yet to exploit this in the live release.
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
Folks are all complaining about comments not lining up. 

Seems to me that there's a very simple solution:  Define the unit space as the widest character in the font. Now, proportionally space all characters except the space. the space takes up as much room so as to line up the next character where it would be if all preceeding characters on the line were the widest in the font. 

ie:

iiii_space_Foo

xxxx_space_Foo

would line up the "Foo", with the space after the "i" being much wider than after the "x".

So call it elastic spaces. rather than tab-stops.   

If you're a smart editor, treat comments specially, but that's just gravy
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
Let me recall arguments about using the 'var' keyword in C#. People hated it, and thought it would make code less clear. For example, you couldn't know the type in something like:

var x = GetResults("Main");
foreach(var y in x)
{
   WriteResult(x);
}


Their argument was, that you couln't see if x was an array, an List or any other IEnumerable. Or what the type of y was. In my opinion the unclearity did not arise from using var, but from picking unclear variable names. Why not just type:

var electionResults = GetRegionalElactionResults("Main");
foreach(var result in electionResults)
{
   Write(result); // you can see what you're writing!!
}


"But you still cannot see the type of electionResults!" - does it really matter? If you want to change the return type of GetRegionalElectionResults, you can do so. Any IEnumerable will do.

Fast forward to now. People want to align comments en similar code:

int var2       =  1; //The number of days since startup, including the first
int longerVar  =  2; //The number of free days per week
int anotherVar = 38; //The number of working hours per week


So without the comment everything is unclear. And if you don't align the values, you cannot seperate them from the variales. But do you? What about this (ignore the bullets please)


int daysSinceStartup = 1; // including first
int freeDaysPerWeek = 2;
int workingHoursPerWeek = 38;


If you need a comment on EVERY LINE, you're doing something wrong. "But you still need to align the VALUES" - do you? what does 38 have to do with 2?

In C# Most code blocks can easily be aligned using only tabs (or acually, multiples of four spaces):


var regionsWithIncrease =

from result in GetRegionalElectionResults()
where result.TotalCount 
Answer 13: 

    
    
The major problem with proportional fonts is they destroy the vertical alignment of the code and this is a fairly major loss when it comes to writing code.

The vertical alignment makes it possible to manipulate rectangular blocks of code that span multiple lines by allowing block operations like cut, copy, paste, delete and indent, unindent etc to be easily performed.

As an example consider this snippet of code:

a1 = a111;
B2 = aaaa;
c3 = AAAA;
w4 = wwWW;
W4 = WWWW;


In a mono-spaced font the = and the ; all line up.

Now if this text is loded into Word and display using a proportional font the text effectively turns into this:

NOTE: Extra white space added to show how the = and ; no longer line up:

a1 = a1 1 1;
B2  = aaaa;
c3 = A A A A;
w4 = w w W  W;
W4  = W W W  W;


With the vertical alignment gone those nice blocks of code effectively disappear.

Also because the cursor is no longer guaranteed to move vertically (i.e. the column number is not always constant from one line to the next) it makes it more difficult to write throw away macro scripts designed to manipulated similar looking lines.
    
    
Title: How can I set Chrome as default external browser in Eclipse for Mac?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I think that question is self-explained :-)

When I browse to Application eclipse send me an error.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
rubdottocom almost got it. The problem is, that the path contains spaces. If you write a new shell script with the following content:

'/Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome' $1


Eclipse can launch a new Chrome instance with it. Sadly, this way it is not possible to open a new tab in an already running instance, as the script exits with the following error message:

[21043:2307:292361872340725:ERROR:process_singleton_mac.cc(102)]
    Unable to obtain profile lock.

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
The simplest way to get Eclipse to recognize Chrome as the default system browser is :


Open Safari.
Go to menu Safari 
Answer 3: 

    
    
I posted the answer on another question like this on stackoverflow, so here it goes:

I found the solution in a blog's post that doesn't exist anymore, it involves configuring the Location to be '/usr/bin/open' and the parameter is '%URL%'.

You need to make sure that google chrome is your default browser and it will work properly. This is the only method that worked for me on OSX Lion.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I solved this by calling /usr/bin/open -a "/Applications/Google Chrome.app" &lt;url&gt;
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Ooops! I find the answer here: Is there a way to add Google Chrome as an external web browser in Flash Builder Standalone for Mac?

The exact location is:
/Applications/Google Chrome.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome

It's annoying that you can't enter inside to an "Application folder" (AppName.app) through Finder :-S

Oh Wait! It's not working /p/div
Answer 6: 

    
    
you can also try to fix that from eclipse at the menu bar: windows-
Answer 7: 

    
    
Here's a helpful visual showing the /usr/bin/open techinque:


    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
In Finder, right click on Google Chrome.app, select Show Package Contents and browse down to Contents/Mac OS and drag Google Chrome to the Location in Eclipse's Edit External Web Browser dialog box. Enter -url %URL% in the field Parameters. This worked for me on Eclipse Indigo on MacOS 10.7, at least when Chrome was not started before...
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
My method to set Chrome as a default browser in eclipse is:
Go to Window 
Title: How do I make underscores visible again in Eclipse?
Description: 
    
    
                    
After upgrading my workstation from Ubuntu 14.04 to Ubuntu 16.04 I found that all the underscore _ characters in my C and C++ code were invisible withing the Eclipse editor.  This means that function_name and Class_Name started displaying as function name and Class Name; although the _ character was still clearly there based on the syntax highlighting and the results of pasting into gedit.  
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
In ubuntu 16.04 we had same problem with Monospace 14, changing size fixed the problem (i.e. 15 in our case)
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Some searching for "Invisible underscore character Ubuntu" lead me to some old posts that indicate it is the user of the 'monospace' font within the Eclipse editor that causes the problem.  This can seemingly affect almost any application and is not limited to the Ubuntu distribution.  At certain font/display sizes the underscore character becomings invisible.  

To resolve this in Eclipse, you need to set a different default font for it to use.  Go to Window &gt; Preferences then select General &gt; Appearance &gt; Colors and Fonts.
To change the font used by default click the 'Edit Default...' button.
To change just the C/C++ font select C/C++/Editor/C/C++ Editor Text Font and click the 'Edit...' button.
Clicking either button will bring up a font selection window, in which there should be several other monospaced fonts for you to choose from.  Selecting some of the other monospace fonts resolves this issue for me, but keeps the code looking aligned.  
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Under Window-
Title: Change font of output console in Visual Studio?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm a beginner programmer using visual basic on visual studio working mostly with Consoles, and I would like to change the font size of the text that the compiler outputs displays when the code is compiled (not the text when I'm coding, those are fine). Here's what it looks like, compare it to the exit, minimise buttons and the file directory on the title bar for size references

Right now, the font size is like 8pt which is annoying. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Open the options window and go to the Fonts and Colors item. Select the window you'd like to change and then change the font-size to your liking:



You'll likely need to change multiple items, since each window uses its own settings:


Output Window
Command Window
Immediate Window


And possibly others.



To change the font size of the console that launches when you debug an application, you need to change the default font size for the windows console.

Start a command-prompt and then open the options screen



Set the font size:



This will apply to all consoles that open in the future.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
None of the solutions suggested by jessehouwing worked for me (using Visual Studio 2017). 

What did work was running a console program to open the console, clicking the small icon on the left in the title bar of the console window, clicking properties, fonts, and chosing the preferred font size. 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
In VSC 2019 go to File -
Title: Keyboard shortcut for code refactor (var rename) in Visual Studio
Description: 
    
    
                    
When renaming a variable in Visual Studio (I use 2010), it shows a little mark that when clicked, leads to a drop-down that offers to rename all the dependant references.



What I want to do, is spare getting the mouse and click it in order to show the drop-down.
I was wondering if there is a way to access it via the keyboard.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I believe that shortcut is Ctrl + . [dot] :)
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
If you wish to assign your own shortcut, go to Tools | Options | Environment | Keyboard, then in the "Show commands containing" field, enter the text View.ShowSmartTag
    
    
Title: Should IDE project files be put under source control?
Description: 
    
    
                    
This may boil down to opinion:
I am wondering if project files (the files generated and used by the IDE and not the compiler) should be included in source control repositories. Are there certain cases where they should and shouldn't?

Edit: I should mention that the reason I am asking is because I'm looking at some lists of files to be ignored by git when using Visual Studio -- some of these lists have the project files and some don't.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
One simple question: Do you need them to build your code? If not, then they're artefacts, not source files, and have no place being in the source control system.

Things like your editor color preferences or keybindings are not part of the build system. Compiler flags and so on are.

We store everything that's needed to build, down to the operating system install disks and required configuration. Anal-retentive doesn't even come close to describing us :-) If we could store the hardware, we would (we have to make do with storing a document detailing the hardware specs).

We also occasionally test our capability to build the development environment from scratch using only what's stored in the repositories. Failure there means that we;re not covered in terms of disaster recovery.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
It is easier and logical to me to include project files in the repositories, since they are part of the project itself. Project changes, project files too.

Whenever you have to revert the whole project to the previous state or invite someone to check in to work on the project, it is much more convenient to have every file. Not just source code.

By the way, most IDEs include the project files in repositories, and it will be too painful to exclude them and still keep the possibility to check in and check out from IDE itself.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
If you have special build scripts it may be required for the IDE to build your project.  Plus if you do a fresh checkout do you really want to go through the hassle of setting up all the project build parameters etc each time?
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
If you work with other developers and they don't use other IDE, or other versions of IDE, the IDE project files won't be the same. I think IDE project files should not be put under source control.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Generally, project files should be version controlled but user preference files should be ignored.

For example when using Visual Studio, '.proj' and '.sln' files should be version controlled, but '.suo' should be ignored.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    

keep under version control all the project files that are necessary to build the project
avoid adding derivatives (eg. ctags, and all the files you can generate)

    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
For .NET, I think the project files should be included in the source control repositories. In C# and VB it's the project file that defines which source files that are part of the assembly.  If you add a source file to the project and don't have the project file under source control, all other developers in the team must manually add the file to THEIR project.

In Java all files in a source tree is automatically included in the build (if I remember it correctly) so the need for a project file may not be the same in Java.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
We use Eclipse and the only file we checkin is the .classpath file so that any classpath changes don't break the build on an update.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
I'm working for a company who develops and selles an IDE. At the beginning we removed all project files away from the user directories. Most of the people were happy with this way. But from time to time someone asked if it is possible because they wanted to work also from there home system and use the version control as a fast file transfer utility synchronizing work and home place.

I can tell you that implementing this request was not easy!

The settings has to be clearly separated, for example if your IDE stores window coordinates in the settings file and you work on dual monitor system at work and a small notebook at home it is really bad. The IDE must also be able to provide a way to handle environment variable expansion in every file path. And finally of course it must be able to give setting files individual names or store them in different places - otherwise you will soon find out that 3 different developers on the project have 5 different opinions about fonts, colors, default values etc. because if this is not well done they will all use the same settings.

On the other hand many IDEs have huge amounts of data to store, some of them even store GUI configured unit test cases in project settings. In this case it is of course useful to reuse the files and check it into the version control system.

So you see it depends. Try it out and see how it works for your environment.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
Project files that include build instruction should definitely be under source control.
You don't want to set correct compiler and linker flags and path on each fresh checkout, do you ?

However, not all project files are created equal, and some are just "helping files" that store tags or recently open files and so on. Those must not to be versionned, since they can vary for each developper.

There are two different benefit from versionning project files :


one is easier developping. Especially for new developper. All you have to do to start working is do a checkout.
the other is to have a reproductible build. Wether the build comes from developper A or developper B, the resulting object is the same. This is IMO the more important benefit, and is a step toward build automation.

    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
Yes, I believe IDE project files should be committed to Subversion as most of this includes configurations on how to build/compile the project.

If there configurations that are solely used to store developer preferences outside of the coding convention then those must be taken out (i.e. excluded) so as not to introduce confusion.
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
Not sure if it was mentioned, but Visual Studio (at least the C++ version) produces two project files:


General project file that contains the structure, and build settings. This is required for building with VS.
User-specific project file (usually ends with user's and PC's name). This one is not required for building, so we're not including it to the source control.

    
    
Title: Use Xcode for developing web pages
Description: 
    
    
                    
I want to know if I can develop a web page in Xcode.

If yes, how?

What is the main difference between a normal web page and a web page for an iPhone, iPod, or iPad? Where should I start?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
No, use DashCode for developing iphone web apps. See Mobile Safari Web Application Tutorial for more info.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You can indeed write web pages with Xcode. I was able to do so by creating a new empty project, then creating a new file in it with a .html extension. Ready to go.

There is no real difference between webpages for normal browsers and iOS devices. Webpages for iOS devices may have special meta tags changing the viewport and rely on WebKit-specific things, but there's no significant difference.

If you already know HTML, you may want to start at http://developer.apple.com/safari.

As for dynamic web pages, yes, of course. Again, it's not that different from developing dynamic web pages for normal browsers.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Although you can write HTML in Xcode it is really not the best choice. I'd recommend using TextMate, Coda or any of the other thousand text editors available. Alternatively, Dashcode is available and is specifically designed for targeting mobile devices.

Furthermore, if you want to generate dynamic webpages, you are going to need to start using a server side language such as PHP, Java, Ruby, Python, etc. Mac OS X comes with Apache and PHP installed so if it is something trivial this might be your best option.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I'm an iOS and Mac developer. I use Xcode all day with Swift and Objective-C.

I recently had the need to work on a small website project. This isn't what I normally do.

I use TextMate as my single-file text editor, alongside Xcode. But I found the app very annoying for working in a web project with multiple files. There's probably a way that the pros set up their editors for working in a project, but it's beyond me at the moment.

I ended up creating a new Xcode Workspace then adding my web files to the sidebar. A workspace is very lightweight and does not contain any of the iOS cruft from a new Xcode project.

This lets me use my standard Xcode project searching, keyboard shortcuts, behaviors, etc. I'm not using any serious "web" features, but at least the basics are the same as the IDE I'm accustomed to for mobile development.

So the answer is yes, Xcode can be used as a web IDE.

It's probably not the best web IDE, and it's probably lacking a lot of the features and conveniences that professional web developers rely on. But it works in a pinch, especially for mobile developers who are already accustomed to Xcode.


    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
In my opinion, yes you can use Xcode for web development.

And while Xcode does not target to the web development as other software (like Brackets, DW, etc.) it has a nice feature: a drop-down menu of javascript functions, which would be extremely useful to have in other web development IDEs...
    
    
Title: Arduino upload error &ldquo;stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding&rdquo; in Fedora
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am attempting to upload the stock Blink sketch using the Arduino IDE in Fedora Core 15 Linux. I get this error:


  avrdude: stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding


To recreate the issue:


Plug in the Arduino Uno board via USB cable
Open the Arduino IDE
Menu File &rarr; Examples &rarr; 1. Basics &rarr; Blink
Menu Tools &rarr; Serial Port &rarr; then check the box for /dev/ttyACM0
Menu Tools &rarr; Board &rarr; Arduino Uno
Click the "Play" button to Verify/Compile (this step is successful)
Click the Upload button, to get the error


I tried these same exact steps in Windows XP, and the upload was successful, so I must not have Fedora configured correctly.

I followed the Arduino Playground instructions, installing the client using yum and adding my user ID to the groups uucp, lock and dialout.

I did not follow the RXTX fixup -- Link the proper files part of the guide, since the given command did not return any matches: find ~ -name librxtxSerial.so -o -name RXTXcomm.jar | grep -v Download
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Before uploading your programme, make sure you selected the right board type, from menu Tools &rarr; Board.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Check if you have any jumpers connected to the digital pins 0 or 1. Those pins have also serial communication functions. And because you are uploading on the Arduino board, using the serial connection provided by the USB cable, you don't want the board's serial port to be engaged in other activities via pins 0 or 1.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
This sounds like it was probably caused by a bug that was present in AVRDUDE at the time. A simple yum update AVRDUDE should now fix it.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
In my case, go to menu Tools &rarr; Processor and change to ATMega328P (Old Bootloader). Then the problem is solved.

But make sure that you do the chmod before upload:

sudo chmod a+rw /dev/ttyUSB0

    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
The fix that worked for me:

If you have a USBasp programmer (or other type of ICSP programmer) plugged into your Arduino board (but not plugged into your PC), because you just used it to flash the bootloader of your Arduino board, unplug it from the Arduino. Disconnecting the 5V line between the USBasp programmer and the Arduino was enough for me. Now uploading works (with the USBasp programmer lying on the bench with all but the 5V pin still connected to the Arduino).
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Arduino Uno R3, Mac&nbsp;OS&nbsp;X&nbsp;v10.8.3 (Mountain Lion), any version of Arduino.app. For me changing the USB cable fix this error.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I believe the instruction in Why I can't upload my programs to the Arduino board? that says


  On Linux, the Uno and Mega 2560 show up as devices of the form
  /dev/ttyACM0


does not always apply. In my Ubuntu&nbsp;14.10 (Utopic Unicorn) I can see that port in menu Tools &rarr; Serial Port, but when selected and trying to upload to the Arduino Nano V3 I get the error


  stk500_recv(): programmer is not responding


Changing the Tools -/strong/pp/ppstrongem/emem/em/strong/p/div
Answer 8: 

    
    
For me, changing the cable worked.

I was using Ubuntu&nbsp;17.04 (Zesty Zapus), Arduino Nano with ATmega28 and a USB cable with ferrite choke (I dont think ferrite choke was the cause).
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
Since this question was posted, a new stable version of Arduino has been released.  They are now on 1.0, and it works in Fedora Core Linux 16.  It can be downloaded here: http://arduino.cc/en/Main/Software
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
After hours of searching, the problem has been solved:

Choose menu Tools &rarr; Programmer &rarr; Arduino as ISP
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
For Windows, I tried doing this


In PowerShell, run devcon status usb*. This should show multiple devices similar, one among which would be

USB\VID_2341&amp;PID_8036&amp;MI_00\6&amp;1D9C3F6B&amp;0&amp;0000
    Name: Arduino Leonardo (COM3)
    Driver is running.

Then do reg add "HKLM\SYSTEM\ControlSet001\Enum\USB\VID_2341&amp;PID_8036&amp;MI_00\6&amp;1D9C3F6B&amp;0&amp;0000\Device Parameters" /v "PortName" /t REG_SZ /d "COM3" /f.. Double check COM3 is also listed in Device Manager menu of windows.
Restart the machine and the Arduino IDE. And try uploading again.

    
    
