Title: xCode 4.4 &ldquo;Not Responding&rdquo; Debug Output
Description: 
    
    
                    
just updated to xCode 4.4, and the xCode process consistently hangs "Not Responding" when debugging an app either on the simulator or mobile device.

I have narrowed the issue to an async web request which outputs the received data transactions within the debug window. it's not excessive output, about 500k of xml data.

there also seems to be VERY poor performance with output on other http transactions which are substantially smaller in size.

i know it's not the app, since, i can run the application without any challenges natively on the simulator or iphone; however, once attached to the xcode ide the issues resume.

... is this a buffer sizing challenge within the xcode ide for debugging output?

thanks all, 
    

        
Title: Selenium IDE, using wildcard characters in target using name= and id=
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am new to selenium and even newer to programming languages.  I am creating a test scenario for my company's customer service software (we sell magazine subscriptions).  Problem is, certain fields have varying names and identifiers in the target.  Two examples - 

id=address_menu_71736039

name=auto_renew_47457811


The numbers are changing each time.  I posted a question previously regarding xpath, but this code seems to be simpler and that trick won't work).  Any ideas?  I'd appreciate it!
    

        
Title: Eclipse PHP would sometime enter tabs on arrays despite settings
Description: 
    
    
                    
So for eclipse PHP I set the tab policy to spaces with indentation size 3 from window-
Title: Having local and remote versions of my site in Aptana Studio 3.0, like Dreamweaver does it
Description: 
    
    
                    
In Dreamweaver I could set up a project such that I had the remote side, where my live site would be located, and the local side, where those same exact files resided on my hard drive with the same structure. How can I do this in Aptana Studio 3.0? I only know how to access a site remotely, so I can edit the files just fine, but I can't figure out how to have a permanent home on my hard drive for the files, so I can (for example) upload new files to my server without opening up a separate FTP program.

On their site, Aptana touts the following as one of the new features of Aptana Studio 2.0:

Radically improved the remotelocal file transfer features. There is an all-new UI and infrastructure for specifying connections, connecting them with projects, and copying files in each direction.

That sounds like what I want to do, but can't figure it out.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
There are a few wiki pages on creating connections between a local project and a FTP site:

https://wiki.appcelerator.org/display/tis/FTP%2C+SFTP%2C+and+FTPS+Deployment

https://wiki.appcelerator.org/display/tis/Create+a+FTP+Connection 

https://wiki.appcelerator.org/display/tis/Managing+FTP+Connections

Hope these help.
    
    
Title: IntelliJ Idea - How to specify options while generating domain objects from DB tables
Description: 
    
    
                    
I want to learn how can I specify some settings like collection type, default fetch type, id generation strategy, etc. using IntelliJ Idea 11 while generating domain objects from database tables as we can do at NetBeans or Eclipse.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
IDEA has no this feature, you are welcome to submit a request to the issue tracker.
    
    
Title: Selenium IDE: Unexpected Exception: &hellip; selenium-core/scripts/selenium-browserbot.js, lineNumber -&gt; 228
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm using Selenium IDE 1.8.1 with Firefox 14.

I see this exception:

[error] Unexpected Exception: fileName -&gt; chrome://selenium-ide/content/selenium-core/scripts/selenium-browserbot.js, lineNumber -&gt; 228


when running the following:

&lt;tr&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;assertElementPresent&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;//a[text()='! selenium test customer']&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;
&lt;tr&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;clickAndWait&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;//a[text()='! selenium test customer']&lt;/td&gt;
    &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
&lt;/tr&gt;


As you can see the element is present (otherwise the assert would fail halting the test), so I can't figure out what's going wrong. Anyone got any clues?

[edit] It seems to only occur if I run the test at the fastest speed. If I slow it down, the error doesn't occur. That's not really a solution though, as running the entire suite at half speed is way too slow.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Sounds like a bug with Selenium. Did you file it?
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
With Selenium IDE I have found that using waitForElement just before the clickAndWait call seems to work best.    

assertElementPresent simply returns FALSE if it is not present, true if it is present.  It is meant to be used in an if/else construct to take a specified path.

Replace your assertElementPresent with waitForElement and you may have better results.
    
    
Title: Advice on setting up a cross-platform website scraping project
Description: 
    
    
                    
Looking for advice on selecting a language and IDE for a scraping application. Here are my requirements:


Need to use a language that is good for cross-platform (Win/OSX)
Need to use IDE that has good source control for multiple programmers
Would like to use a robust library for scraping
Would like to make GUI that looks native for each platform


After my initial research this is what I have so far:


Python
pyQT for GUI
Not sure which IDE to use that is good with source control management (Eclipse?)
Scrapy.org for scraping
Possibly Selenium WebDriver


I am not sure if Scrapy will meet my needs because I need to be able to submit forms on websites that may utilize javascript...so I think Selenium may be able to handle that.

I would prefer not to use Objective C, or C++. I'm leaning towards Python because it seems nice for it's rapid development. 

So the question is, am I on the right track or am I just completely missing a totally different and better path to take that will be simpler or more suited to scraping and submitting forms on websites?
    

        
Title: AppCode and Mercurial integration issue
Description: 
    
    
                    
When trying to access Mercurial commands in AppCode, I get the following error message:


  abort: repository /src/project/subfolder1 not found!


This is indeed correct, the repository is /src/project, not /src/project/subfolder1.

However, the project file resides in /src/project/subfolder1/.
I have tried with "Run hg as bash -c" and without in AppCode, but with no luck.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
in my system this is /usr/local/bin/hg 
    
    
Title: Running C++ with Eclipse on Mac OSX Lion
Description: 
    
    
                    
So I'm running Mac OSX Lion and I recently installed Eclipse IDE for Java Developers. I recently started programming in C++ and I wanted to be able to use Eclipse as my main IDE. So first thing I did was install the Command Line told from Xcode in order to be able to use the g++ compiler. I then went into eclipse -
Answer 1: 

    
    
What is the view name - is it "Package Explorer" or "Project Explorer"? The first one is explicitly for Java and does not support some C++ tooling features. Switch to C/C++ perspective and try again.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
So after a lot of toying around, I came up with a somewhat annoying solution. Because it worked with the C/C++ IDE, I just decided to look at everything that was installed in that version and make sure it was installed in the Java IDE. For some odd reason it worked. I add already installed all the main features but I guess it wasn't enough.
    
    
Title: Environment/IDE for coding C++ with easily selectable text and timing?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've been using VS and DevC++ to create C++ console programs, but I dislike that the output is in a console window. I'd like to be able to easily copy/paste text without needing to right click the window, go to properties, enable quickedit mode, and so forth. 

Lastly, I'd like to be able to time how long my program takes to run (accurately). I am using Windows.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
As to the first part of your question,  enabling QuickEdit is a once-only thing, so I really think it's far from onerous to select console text.   You can always tee the output to a file when you invoke the application.

tee.exe

Depending on one's definition of "accurately",  using clock() might suffice:

#include &lt;time.h&gt;
clock_t start, finish;
start = clock();
//  do stuff
finish = clock();
double duration = (finish-start) / (double)CLOCKS_PER_SEC;


This gives millisecond accuracy on Windows.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You could use Eclipse. Eclipse for Java is a state of the art ide, and from what I have heard so far, so is Eclipse for C/C++. Netbeans for C++ is also a viable choice, along with Code::Blocks.

As for the console, I do not know if you can do it. You are running a console application and you don't want it to appear on a console? What kind of sorcery is that? Ok you could maybe just download an interactive shell for windows or something and manage to achieve what you want.

As for the timer, IDEs such as Visual Studio (the paid editions, can't talk about express edition) and Eclipse or Netbeans, feature a profiler, either by default, or by an add-on you must install, which can be used to evaluate your program and run several metrics on it.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Try Console - http://sourceforge.net/projects/console/
    
    
Title: FDT5 Haxe Compilation Error &ldquo;Uncaught exception - module.c(124) : Builtin not found : fasthash&rdquo;
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am a user of FDT5 and getting this very strange Haxe compiler error when using v2.09 of Haxe and v1.8.2 of NekoVM.

"Uncaught exception - module.c(124) : Builtin not found : fasthash"

Can anyone help me resolve this error as can't compile my FDT5 project, as if I compile it directly in Mac OSX Lion. Terminal it does not report any issues.

Any help would be most appreciated.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You may need to setup the path to your Neko installation

FDT 5.5 ships with Neko, but the path to it is not set by default. Because it's not, you may get errors as you mentioned:



To fix this, go to Preferences
Title: How to use MonoDevelop for C coding?
Description: 
    
    
                    
How to add support for C coding on windows? I have downloaded the MonoDevelop last version, but on file &gt; new solution I only see: C#, IL, and VB.NET programming languages and I can't find it on Tools &gt; Add-in &gt; Gallery &gt; language bindings as well. Thanks
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
From what I understand, C is not supported in the windows version. Look at the Feature List
    
    
Title: Does the WebStorm Javascript IDE (or any IDE) understand SMD (Service Mapping Description) files
Description: 
    
    
                    
We are looking into tools for Javascript development and plan to use Dojo with SMD files to interface to our JSONRPC backend  API - it seems like a natural feature of an IDE that it would understand the format of SMD files and be able to validate your function calls against those defined in the SMD file.  Does anyone know if WebStorm (or some other IDE) actually has such a feature?
    

        
Title: Good RAD tools for XAML
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm looking for a good toolkit for developing xaml applications. I've tried Visual Studio 2010 and Expression Blend, and while I can accomplish with those tools anything I want, I often find myself doing a lot of routine tasks, which I feel should be better handled by IDE, but they don't seem to be. 

For example, over and over again I need to implement INotifyPropertyChanged, mark the OnPrepercyChanged as not serialized and add event invocation to the setters of the properties,
or add of the "ValidatesOnExceptions=True, ValidatesOnDataErrors=True, NotifyOnValidationError=True" to the properties of the bindings, which I need to show error messages. 

Is there any good IDE or VS extention on the market, which would do this, and other mundane stuff for me or let me accelerate the process of doing this?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
There are a few tools that might help you ...


Karl Shifflett's XAML Power Toys
Pete O'Hanlon's MoXAML


Both help automate repetitive tasks in WPF development
    
    
Title: Is there a D plugin currently available for Xcode 4.3?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there a D plugin currently available for Xcode 4.3? I tried to follow the link provided on the wiki, but the link (http://michelf.com/projects/d-for-xcode/) appears to be broken*. I did a search on Github and the project in question hasn't been updated since early last year (March 28, 2011).

Update:

[*] It seems it was just me, I've check again and it loads fine.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    

  To Xcode 4 users: D for Xcode is only partially working with Xcode 4 currently; version 3 of Xcode is fully supported.


It seems not - I'll edit this answer if full support comes back. Till then I've been using SublimeText (it only has highlighting - autocomplete or precompile checking).
    
    
Title: Visual Studio 2010 &ldquo;No Target Framework&rdquo;
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have a big problem with my Visual Studio 2010 Ultimate.  I installed it but in my Project preferences I cannot choose a Framework Target. It's just empty, even though I installed .NET 4 Full....

Can anyone help?
    

        
Title: Dreamweaver&#39;s Code Editor, highlight
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am new to Dreamweaver (and Mac). I am used to using notepad++. I am in the habit of highlighting a term, and having identical terms highlighted everywhere in the current document. Can this be done with Dreamweaver? If it is not possible to do this with Dreamweaver, then what code editor will do this on a Mac?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Try http://www.barebones.com/products/textwrangler/.
Or maybe try using eclipse, it might be a bit of overkill, but then again I have no idea what are doing in the dreamweaver.
    
    
Title: Is there a Visual C++ plugin that works like codepad.org or similar services?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'd love to have a local C++ scratch pad without having to worry about creating projects, solutions, and files until I need that complexity for a particular test case. Interactive debugging on it would be the major advantage of using the IDE instead of a simple GCC/run script from an editor. Codepad and ideone don't allow system calls or filesystem operations, so that's a major drawback. A minor drawback to them is delay in compiling and limit on output, and of course, no chance of interactive debugging.
    

        
Title: Is there any interactive console for some strong language for everyday work of processing strings?
Description: 
    
    
                    
starting to work as an IT man lately

with some programing background,

there are so many occasions where there's a need for processing large amount of data.

mainly strings i guess..

for example:


there's 2 large sets of lines, and we need all the lines in both of the sets
replacing one or more white characters in a row, to one line break...
taking the 4th to 7th character of each line and print them in one line with comma as a delimiter


these are not the best examples, but generally any kind of parsing, manipulating and query of texts.

it's very often that the task is extremely easy in any programing language, but it is just to frustrating to open the IDE of such language....

i'm looking to some way to write code (with intelisence/autocomplete), in an easy fast window...... with simple input and output textboxes....

do you understand my need? can you think of anything that can help?

i know some of the problems can be solved using excel.. but i really prefer some good old programing.... unless someone is strongly believe i'm wrong.

if i will build something myself, there will be an option to add any amount of unlimited multiline textboxes. they'll be automatically named, although the name is changeable (the names will be the the name of the variables).

you can as well add any number of output textboxes that have names...

and you have the editor window, in which you write the procedure..... and it will have some interactive intelisence like interface...

can you see what i'm saying? do you know anything similar?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Seems like Python would be fine for this.

Has an interactive keyboard interface, quite nice abstraction facilities,
and strings as objects with good libraries for processing such strings.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
It sounds like a lot of what you want can be handled with regular expressions using sed, awk, or perl in a standard console. Autocomplete will be pretty limited, but your scripts will be short anyway - to deal with your third case above, for example:

sed 's/^...\(....\).*/\1/g' &lt; input.txt | tr "\n" ',' &gt; output.csv


What you can do is use an interactive regex tester. There's many online like this one.

You could also look into tools like Data Wrangler from Stanford, which are designed to be more accesible but as powerful as traditional shell tools.

(Note that your first issue - intersecting sets of lines - is a bit different, and would be solved in the shell with comm. This page has a good explanation of how to use comm to perform set operations like "all the files in this file not in this file" or "only the files in this file also in this other file".)
    
    
Title: Debugging issue in Eclipse IDE/Weblogic Server
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have several application deployed in Weblogic Server. When I run the server in debug mode, some of my application stops at break point, some stops in class file and other don't even bother to stop at break point. What could be the reason that debugger works for one application and not for the other?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Are you sure that you start all these application in debug mode? Another case maybe breakpoints are not achieved.
    
    
Title: Code-oriented editor : Must-have features?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I hope this question doesn't fall into the "subjective question" case, but here's what :

I've been coding for almost 18 years, and having migrated to Macs for the last year or so, it was inevitable to start thinking about writing a code editor from scratch - probably, just to try this thing out, or to make something that perfectly suits my needs. And I was wondering :


What are the absolute MUST-HAVEs of a good code editor*? (by order of priority, if possible)
If we're talking about a not-so-conventional feature, could you give me an example of actual implementation of that particular feature? ("xxxxx" like in Notepad++ on Windows).


Looking forward to see your answers...

*Well, there is sometimes a thin line between what could be considered as an "Editor" and an "IDE", but let's just not exclude more... IDE-oriented ones...
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    

Syntax highlighting with error checking.
"Go to Definition"/"Go to Declaration". Other types of quick "Go To"s.
As many kinds of autocompletion as you can possibly imagine.
Vim mode or being a Vim clone (command/edit mode dichotomy).


There's a lot of other nice-to-have features like automatic refactoring but the above I believe are definitive traits of a source code editor.
    
    
Title: Connect to QNX on VirtualBox via IP
Description: 
    
    
                    
I would like to connect to QNX Neutrino OS (qconn) running on the VirtualBox from the Momentics IDE running on the Windows 7 (the same computer) via IP on 8000 port. I tried to get IP address of this virtual machine, and it seems to be the same as my real machine's and it doesn't work on it. Thank you in advance for your help.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
So, just to clarify:


You are using Windows 7 as your host OS
QNX Neutrino RTOS is running in a VM
Using Momentics on the Windows host, you want to connect in the IDE to the QNX target
Let's assume the IP address of your Windows 7 machine is 192.168.1.101 (acquired by going Start ==
Answer 2: 

    
    
If possible, configure your QNX guest virtual machine to use Host-Only Networking - this will put it on a private network segment with your host Windows 7. You should then be able to access it by the IP address is it assigned. By default your Win7 host will have an address of 192.168.56.1 and your virtual machine will likely be assigned 192.168.56.2.

If your guest requires access to the internet or other networks, you could experiment with other network options like Bridged (the virtual machine would appear as another computer on your same network) or NAT (you would need to add port forwarding options).
    
    
Title: Include suggestion in Xcode
Description: 
    
    
                    
In MSVS it's so easy to find the missing include with the IDE's help.

Is there such an option in Xcode too?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
AppCode does that, but Xcode (currently, at 4.3.1) doesn't support it.
    
    
Title: Selenium IDE not recording for one particular web page
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have been researching this for a week and have not found anyone who has had a similar problem. 

Selenium IDE is not recording for a site that I was previously able to record test scripts for. I am using selenium IDE 1.6.0 and Firefox 10. 

About two weeks ago I was able to record the base url and the authentication process and some minor functionality tests. Now, selenium IDE doesn't record any actions for this particular website at all. It works normally for just about any other website I have tried. 

Are there restrictions to Selenium IDE and what it can record?

-Ann 
    

        
Title: VB.NET - Ctrl + Break suspends code on &ldquo;Partial Class frmMain&rdquo;
Description: 
    
    
                    
This is an IDE question for Visual Basic 2008 Express Edition. It might be a bug in the IDE, or maybe it's my fault somehow?

My main form is named frmMain and in my application's properties I have set frmMain as my startup object. All of that seems like what a lot of software engineers do.  

But while debugging I hit Ctrl + Break, as I have done for years, and I get an behavior in the IDE that I wasn't expecting. Upon doing so, I get the green background text and the green arrow indicating in a tooltip:


  This is the next statement to execute when this thread returns from the current function.


Even if I didn't have the designer document open, it automatically opens frmMain.Designer.vb in the editor and hihglights line in green. The line is of course: Partial Class frmMain which is line 2 of the file. (Yes, it's highlighting the second line of the designer-generated code.)

frmMain seems to have fully loaded and it's my startup object. As far as I know, there shouldn't be a "next statement to execute" at all because code should be idle. I don't want to see the Designer.vb document... I want to edit my own code.

What's causing this? Even though my form is behaving just fine, could there somehow be an unfinished aspect of loading the form such that it is "not returning" from a function?




    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The Visual Basic compiler will add an entry point in your form. The entry point is the standard main function or "shared sub main", which in turn contains the code "application.run(new form)". Since this is compiler generated code there is no source location, so the Visual Basic editor highlights the class definition.

The clue to this is in the call stack. Notice the Main().

Shared Sub Main()
    Application.Run(new frmMain)
End Sub

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I found the answer on my own: 

I checked the "Enable application framework" checkbox in the solution's properties, and all is well!

I believe this issue arose when I was working on experimental code in which I had desired to make Sub Main my startup object.  I had cleared the checkbox because doing so is necessary to use Sub Main.

When the experiment didn't pan out I reset the startup object back to frmMain, and my app worked fine.  However I had not re-checked the box.  I hadn't noticed the change in the IDE behavior for several days (when I needed the more standard behavior) so I had not observed any correlation.

Although checking that box is definitely the solution, it's still not exactly clear to me is what the heck this box actually does, other than cause me to spend a lot of time on StackOverflow.com!  ;-)

To others who encounter a similar situation, I'm now quite confident that my settings were not corrupt, and if you're using the Express edition, please don't be mislead by MS documentation which may lead you to believe it's the "Just My Code" option.  This option cannot be changed in the Express versions.  (But it's not because you can't turn it on -- It's because you can't turn it OFF in Express!)

Thanks to everyone for your efforts.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I'm going to guess that it is trying to show you the equivalent of:

Application.Run(new frmMain)


This is the code that gets generated to startup your form. But in VB.NET this code gets burried. Create a Main() function and change your startup type to that with this line in it and repeat the process. You'll see it highlight Application.Run. That is the method that contains your Windows message pump loop.
    
    
Title: Generating UML with Eclipse indigo
Description: 
    
    
                    
Are there any plugin that allow me to generate uml diagrams with java source?
    

        
Title: kdevelop - two windows
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is It possible to have got two  windows in the Kdevelop? I have got two LCDs. 
I wish i could have a debug information on the first and the code on the second one. 

It will be really helpful for me. 

Thank you for the answer.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Have you tried starting two instances of kdevelop? Debug in one, program in the other?

There is also a small button to disconnect some panels from the main one, they will become their own window.
    
    
Title: execute all eclipse suggestions marker
Description: 
    
    
                    
I downloaded an Android Open Source Project, but Once I imported it in Eclipse, a lot of project errors appeared.
I figured out that all this errors are caused by some wrong "@Override" declarations.
Now, I noticed that, for each file, Eclipse suggests me in the markers Column to remove that Wrong declaration.
So, is there a way to tell eclipse to "auto-execute" all of his suggestions in a determinate project?

Thanks In advance
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I dont have straight answer for your question, but one possible work around is set compilance level to 1.6 will resolve this issue. Window--
Title: in selenium ide, how to verify if date is equal to &#39;current date plus 2 working days(Mon- Fri)
Description: 
    
    
                    
in selenium ide, how to verify if date is equal to 'current date plus 2 business days(Mon- Fri).

I have to verify this against our app, i have the below code which checks if the date is current date + 2 days but i need to get 2 working days .

javascript{ "0" + ((new Date()).getMonth()+1)+'/'+((new Date()).getDate()+2)+'/'+(new Date()).getFullYear()}


I know how to get this done in rc but wondering if this can be done in selenium ide.

Thanks.
    

        
Title: IDE that allows you to select text in both directions with keyboard arrow keys
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm looking for an IDE/code editor plugin that allows you to select text outwards from the cursor in both directions.

Eg: I have the following text in my IDE:

Mississippi

I place my cursor in the middle of the word Mississippi:

Missis|sippi

Now I want to hold a hot-key combination (e.g. Alt+Shift) to essentially lock my cursor in place...and then I want to press the left arrow key 6 times to select "Missis" to the left of my cursor......and press the right arrow key 5 times to select "sippi" to the right of my cursor.

Normally by using Shift+Arrow key...you move the cursor in a direction selecting everything as you go along. This way would essentially require two additional cursors so that after selecting the whole word in the fashion described above it'd look something like this:

|Missis|sippi|

Three cursors: The locked one, the one that moved left and the one that moved right...

If anyone knows whether this can/has been achieved in any IDE please let me know :)

Thanks in advance
    

        
Title: How do I use PHP CLI on Eclipse PDT?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I downloaded Eclipse PDT and it can only run PHP files on a web server (which outputs "Connection error").
I want to develop PHP CLI with Eclipse without a server, is that possible?
    

        
