Title: understand complex ant build files
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have a quite complex ant build system comprised of many build.xml files in different folders. I want to crack on it. 

Is there any IDE support (in Eclipse or Intellij) for me to jump to target definitions, taskdefs' definitions, macrodefs' etc.?

Besides "ant -v", any other way to ease the understanding of the flow of target execution?

Thank you.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
In 2007, I wrote an article on the options to display Ant targets and dependencies visually.  I think they will still work.  I also had to deal with a large Ant codebase and the visualization really helped.  (I used a tiny Ant build for the article but the tools do scale well.)
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
The default eclipse distribution contains an Ant XML Editor which helps navigating Ant files. Simply right click the Ant file and select "open with -
Title: Selenium IDE - How to switch back to main content from an iframe
Description: 
    
    
                    
Ok. I have selected my iframe and done my operation, now i want to switch back to main content and select a button. What is the Selenium IDE command to switch out of the iframe and back to the entire page content
    

        
Title: Oracle Database connection failure on VS 2010 C# express
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am new to VS and database. The project I was working on is trying to moderize an old software from VB6 to VS 2010 C#. This requires to search an external database. So I am trying to connect to that database by using OracleConnection(). I am using Visual Studio 2010 Express on Windows 7 Enterprise. I downloaded the Oracle Data Access Components (ODAC 11.2 Release 5 which is the newest, 32bit). The TNSNAMES.ora file and connection string were both correctly settled.

Right now I can use Sql*Plus to connect to the database. Also the old VB6 version software works well in retrieving information from the database(it won't do the work if I did not have ODAC and set up the tnsnames.ora correctly). But, my VS C# does not. It cannot open the connection. The error message is "ORA-12545: Connect failed because target host or object does not exist". And if I changed the DB host address to IP address, it would give me " ORA-12560: TNS:protocol adapter error". 

I assume there is a problem with the VS 2010 Express IDE. Does anyone has any idea on that? I tried to reinstall the ODAC and it does not help. Thanks so much in advance.

My code is exactly the same as here connect to oracle XE using c# 2010 express

Update--Solved

I finally figured out this question. In my case, this is somehow related with the DLL in Global Assembly Cache. I found my project is compiling against an odd ODAC designed for .NET 2.0. I tried to redirect the reference of OracleDBAccess but did not help. Then I started a new project, set up the reference right and then copied all the code there. It worked out in the end.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The difference is SqlPlus uses a different data provider to connect than .Net.  I have a blog post that talks about the minimum requirements needed for .net and oracle to work together.  The main points to consider is to make sure you have the correct data provider (32 / 64 bit) and your oracle bin folder is in the path statement for the OS.  

The difference is SqlPlus uses a different data provider to connect than .Net.  I have a blog post that talks about the basic requirements.  

Blog Post Link

-Text from Post

Download the latest Oracle 11g2 client software from Oracle. 

Note – Be sure to determine which bit level you need if using a 64 bit operating system.  If your apps are compiled to 32 bit specifically then you must use the 32 bit oracle client.  If they are compiled to run natively – then you must use the 64 bit oracle client software.


Extract the zip file to a directory
Open the folder and launch the setup.exe file as an administrator
Select the custom option in Step 1 of 8 for what type of Installation you want and click next
Now choose the Oracle Data Provider for .NET option and click next
Complete the remaining steps using the default options
Once complete – navigate to the following folder

[installation path]\product\11.2.0\client_1\network
Create a new folder named admin
Copy an existing sqlnet.ora and tnsnames.ora file into the admin directory
Test the installation with a .net application or you can use one the OracleConnectionTesting utilities provided on this blog here


.Net Testing Utility for Oracle
    
    
Title: TCL code dependency generator
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have a large code base written on expect/TCL version 5.39. I need to get a good understanding of the flow, is there a good dependency graph generator for TCL or a great TCL IDE which takes me to the procedure/variable definition/declaration when I ctrl+click(or something similar) on the user procedure.

Is there a way to do this?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I have installed Tcl DLTK in my Eclipse Kepler and it does what you are looking for.

To install the plugin:


Download the plugin
In Eclipse: Help -
Title: IntelliJ IDEA: SVN merge
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have IntelliJ IDEA 12.1.3 installed and I have trunk and branch in SVN.
I use IDEA to merge from branch to trunk, and call command Subversion-brbrbr/p/div
