Title: How do I disable &ldquo;cursor beyond end of line&rdquo;?
Description: 
    
    
                    
How do I deactivate Delphi's "Cursor beyond end of line" feature? When I click in the empty space to the right of a line, or when I navigate to a line with the arrow keys, I want the cursor to be at the line's real end, not in the "virtual space".
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
AFAIK, you cannot.  The code editor has always had that behavior built-in.  You can tell it to not go past End-Of-File, but not End-Of-Line.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
When possible you can set a macro on one of the mouse buttons to hit the combo "left-click" and "End" when clicked. Not the ideal situation but it does the trick.
    
    
Title: Backslash in the end of comment lines in C/C++
Description: 
    
    
                    
Does your editor/ide highlight that a++; in this C/C++ code as part of a comment?

int a=1;
//some comment \
a++;
printf("%d\n",a);


And what about this?

int a=1;
//some comment ??/
a++;
printf("%d\n",a);

    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
emacs 22.3.1: No to both, sadly
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
VC6, Visual Studio 2003, 2005, 2008, 2010 all do.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Slickedit - yes

KDevelop - yes

QT Creator - No

CodeBlocks - No
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
vim 7.2 sees it as a comment, and gcc 3.4.3 compiles it as a comment.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Yes, TextMate does it.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Kate (3.4) only highlights the first test, fails hilighting the second test

// hello folks \
int a = 0;

// hello folks ??/
int a = 0;

    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
From http://forums.topcoder.com/?module=Thread&amp;threadID=666932


  Quick note on which popular editors
  show this as a comment : vim - yes
  emacs - no :) kate - no gedit - yes
  netbeans - yes kwrite - yes

    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
XCode and CodeWarrior handle it properly. (But not the trigraph, lol.)
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
Xcode sees the first as a comment, the second not.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
Good question! I was going to ask a question about this until I found this one.

The Visual-DSP++ IDE from Analog Devices does not highlight either comment when writing in assembly or C. For example:

r1 = dm(pPointer1);      // Store pointer to r0\
r0 = lshift r1 by -16;   // Not highlighted as a comment but DOES NOT EXECUTE.
dm(i0,m1) = r0;
dm(i0,m1) = r1;

    
    
Title: Codepad/ideone style collaborative web IDE?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm looking for a simple collaborative web-based text-editor which can compile—and show output from—a few popular languages such as: C++, PHP and Python.
Research
Editors

Ace
EditArea (people prefer Ace, e.g.: web2py and ideone moved to Ace)

IDE styled editors

AmyEditor
Cloud9
CodeMirror
Eclipse Orion
ShiftEdit

IDE styled editors which compile

CodeRun (supports C#, JavaScript and PHP)
Programr (supports Java [and Android!], C++, PHP, ASP.NET, C#, VB, Flex, Flash, iOS (UI, ObjetiveC), Processing, JavaScript [incl. JQuery and AJAX], Ruby, Python and even SQL [not sure for which DB].

Pastebins which compile

codepad
IDEone (IDEone uses Ace)

Collaborative code editors

collabedit
Etherpad

Conclusion
I have been thus far unsuccessful at finding a syntax-highlighting, code revisioning, collaborative editing web-based IDE with a shared compile/interpret debug console.
Can you recommend one, preferably free? If there aren't any; I'll create then open-source a proof-of-concept.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Koding provides an application with Collaboration for teams built in. Ontop of that, the you have full root access to your VM, so it supports any Linux tools that you want to install. Comes with all of the standard languages (Python, GoLang, Node, etc) as well :)
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Cloud9 IDE has recently released a new collaborative tools including a new real-time collaborative editing (with authorship info), Group Chat and File Revision History timeslider. Further explained in https://c9.io/site/blog/2013/10/new-collaboration/

Mostafa,
The Cloud9 IDE Developer behind that release Collab
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I've done some research into this for the purposes of teach ruby on rails, javascript/html, etc, and also for administering tech interviews where we want to see the candidate write code, run tests, and get things working while we observe the process.

Cloud9 is currently my favorite, as you can run fullstack rails apps, collabrate in the editor, run tests, group chat, etc. Its really powerful.

Thanks for compiling a great list!
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
https://paiza.IO/ provides web-based online coding environments.

paiza.IO is focusing on making it easy to write and run code. You can write and run simple program like "Hello World" in 10 seconds just after opening the page.

paiza.IO have all the features you want, more or less:


Syntax-highlighing(ACE based)
Gist synchronization(for revisioning)
Collaborate editing(TogetherJS based(so same as JsFiddle))
Compiler and command stdout/stderr output tab.


Full-disclosure: I'm a developer of the https://paiza.IO/ .
    
    
Title: How do I uninstall and re-run an app on a device using Android Studio?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am new to Android Studio and I feel that I must be doing something wrong. When running MyApp on an actual device the process goes like this.


Edit code.
Select the Run command in Android Studio. (Shift+F10)
Discover a Bug (on phone)
Navigate to Settings --
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can skip the force stop and uninstall step by just hitting run again. Android Studio should prompt you which device to run on and there you can select your connected device.

It will close the app and re-run your changed version.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I think this answer is what you're looking for. Basically edit your configuration to perform an uninstall before app launch.  

From the Run menu -
Answer 3: 

    
    
You can execute the gradle task :app:uninstallAll to uninstall the app. The next time you hit Run your app will be reinstalled.


    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I always just hit the "debug" icon (the bug icon) and from the debug tab (at the bottom of your screen), you can stop running the app by clicking on the stop button.  No need to uninstall/reinstall app.  When you're done, you can do a release build of the apk. 
    
    
Title: Notepad++ stopped color-coding my source code&hellip; How to fix?
Description: 
    
    
                    
For no apparent reason, it just stopped. No more color-coding. Is there a mystery setting I accidentally turned off?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I had the same problem and discovered it was because I had enabled global foreground color under Global Styles.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Try out the following:


Select a language manually from the "Languages" menu.
In Settings/Preferences, check the File Associatons.
In worst case, reinstall.

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
In the Language menu select your corresponding language. For example H and then html
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
The solution for me was to go into the Style Configurator, select the 'Global Styles' from the Language selection box and uncheck the 'Enable global foreground colour' option. I am not sure why that was checked, but all of the code coloring worked after unchecking it. Thanks Richard!
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Have a look in Settings -/pp/p/div
Answer 6: 

    
    
I had the same problem (I Googled "notepad++ file coloring quit" to find this discussion.) In my case the coloring quit mid file in a single file. I finally realized that adjacent string literals with one of them a macro was fooling Notepad++.
My code that broke it read:
    Write_Supplemental_Configuration(privateData-
Answer 7: 

    
    
watch out for the single quote that you copy from the web. if you get one of those "upper commas" instead of the tic mark it will confuse the code and kill the coloring (in SQL).  just delete and replace.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
Make sure that when you save the file it's saved as an .html instead of a .txt. This make a difference because the .html allows you to see the different colour codes whereas .txt doesn't.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    

Check, if you have saved the documents as .HTML and not as .txt
in the menu, choose Settings/p/lilip/p/li/ol/div
Answer 10: 

    
    
The language setting solved the issue for (all) 3 Javascript files (.js) which suffered from it, which previously were all recognized correctly as Javascript. For some reason it forgot they were Javascript files apparently!?
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
First type any thing and Save the file in any format you are working with (i-e; .cpp if c++, .js if JavaScript....etc)

And make sure global foreground color is disabled.

And it should work fine.
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
File 
Answer 13: 

    
    
If you want to display text in SQL format, then in menu select Language =
Answer 14: 

    
    
Got to Setting -/ppa href="https://i.stack.imgur.com/JjGhl.png" rel="nofollow noreferrer"img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/JjGhl.png" alt="Setting"/a/p/div
Answer 15: 

    
    
I just had the same thing happen to me. The only way I could fix it was to rename the file (I just added one character). Then open it with notepad++. The code was colored again. Then renamed the file back to the original name and it is still colored.

I have since found that if I close Notepad++ without closing the file first this happens. Try closing the file first then close Notepad++ then reopen the file.

This bug seems to be fixed as of version 7.8.6
    
    
Answer 16: 

    
    
If the coloring only stopped working for one file, you should check the extension name of your file.  You might have accidentally saved the file as .txt
    
    
Answer 17: 

    
    
A couple years late here, but I'm pretty sure you're opening ".txt" files that contain your source code. Because the file doesn't have the language's extension, Notepad++ can't determine how to color-code it. You'll have to select the language under the "Language" tab.
    
    
Title: Run Vertx in an IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there any way to run Vertx from within an IDE? I know I can create a server in a file and then call 

vertx run server.java


from the command line, but is there a way to run the server.java file from within an IDE?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    

create a maven project as the manual says.
Then import the project as Maven project
Create a new launcher (Eclipse) using as main class  


For Vert.x 2.x: "org.vertx.java.platform.impl.cli.Starter"
For Vert.x 3.x: "io.vertx.core.Starter"

In the tab "Program Arguments" type: "run your.package.ServerVerticle  -conf conf.json"


You can omit the conf.json if you don't have one, it's just an example to show you that you can put there any other option you'd put launching Vert.x from the command line.

PRO TIP: if your verticle is written in another language, use the prefix with the name of the language as follows:


"run scala:com.acme.MainVerticle  -conf conf.json"
"run jython:MainVerticle.py  -conf conf.json"
"run jruby:MainVerticle.rb  -conf conf.json"
"run rhino:MainVerticle.js  -conf conf.json"
"run groovy:MainVerticle.groovy  -conf conf.json"


And so forth.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
The accepted answer is perfectly fine.
Just for completness's sake, you also simply can run a plain old java main class, having a the main start your vertx instance.

Code should be something like:

public static void main(final String... args) {
    Vertx vertx = Vertx.vertx();
    vertx.deployVerticle(/* put your stuff here */);
}


There you go.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Vert.x 3

I previously edited an earlier answer, but I'm separating it out for the sakes of clarity.

The example below is for eclipse, but the same basic premise should work with any IDE.

Setup


Set up your Maven, Gradle, or other project and import it into Eclipse
Create a run or debug config, and set io.vertx.core.Launcher as your main class.
In the arguments tab, set the program arguments: run org.example.InitVerticle -conf &lt;path to config&gt;; where org.example.InitVerticle is your main, or intialiser, verticle. 


Debugging

During debugging in Vert.x 3 you may notice that a blocked thread watchdog continually outputs warnings (and, eventually, exceptions) onto the console. Whilst useful during production, you can inhibit this behaviour by setting the following property in VM arguments of your debug config:

-Dvertx.options.blockedThreadCheckInterval=2147483647


Caveats

Be aware that your debugging is liable to trigger timeouts in a variety of scenarios, such as a breakpoint delaying a reply on the eventbus. You'll see warnings like:

WARNING: Message reply handler timed out as no reply was received - it will be removed


Clearly, this could mean different control flows under debugging than real execution if you aren't careful. 
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I would suggest what Fran already hinted at. Best you create your Maven project from the archetype (http://vertx.io/maven_dev.html) such as

mvn archetype:generate -Dfilter=io.vertx: -DgroupId=your.group.id -DartifactId=your-artifact -Dversion=0.0.1-SNAPSHOT


and add the IDE specifics via maven, for example for Eclipse

mvn eclipse:eclipse


By that you have an ready to import and ready to use project in Eclipse.

To actually start it then, I wouldn't go directly for a Main or Starter Verticle as but just simple run it through Maven in Eclipse as new Run Configuration. Create a new Maven Run Configuration and set as goals

clean compile vertx:runMod


It will start the mod.json configured "Main" class.

Note: clean compile is not necessary, but if you build it once and have installed jars of your project running around, the auto-deploy doesn't work anymore as it picks the build instead of the developed code.

Like that you have the example PingVerticle directly running and can also fool around as auto-redeploy is enabled in the mod.json.

If you then need more, configs etc. you can work with Starter Verticles, the parameters or even add it to the pom.xml vertx-maven-plugin.

I hope this helps.

Best
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
My setting below is done at IntelliJ 15.0.1 with vert.x 3.2.0 for Java


download and extract vertx library (http://vertx.io/download/) to somewhere
at IntelliJ, 'New Project' -
Answer 6: 

    
    
If you are looking for options apart from creating a maven project (suggested in the other answers), you could do the following:


Download the the latest release from http://vertx.io/downloads.html
Unzip it and add all the JARs in the lib folder to the library of your project i.e, add it to your classpath
Create a run configuration for your project with org.vertx.java.platform.impl.cli.Starter as the Main class.
Add run your.package.Server -cp ${project_loc:/YourProject}/bin as arguments to your run configuration. 
Run your project using the newly created run configuration!

    
    
Title: How does Geany auto-completion wơrk?
Description: 
    
    
                    
This question might seem a bit odd but I searched for like an hour and didn't find any hit that actually answered my question(s) about the auto-complete features of geany:


does it have auto-complete
for which languages does it have auto-complete (plugins?)
how do i use auto-complete

    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Geany does have autocomplete.

The main way autocomplete is used is by typing a long word, and by narrowing that list of autocomplete possibilities down.  Let's say you type gtk_combo_box_.  It will have a small list of different commands that match this description.  Typing eTAB will narrow the search down to gtk_combo_box_entry_.  Typing sENTER will then bring it to the proper to gtk_combo_entry_set_text_column.  See the Geany manual.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
How about simply put: Ctrl+Space
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I know 4 years passed ... but the correct answer is :

Edit-
Answer 4: 

    
    
Geany uses own internal engine and currently limited to:


C
Pascal
PHP
HTML
LaTeX
Python


It file format uses 3 types of encoding:


Tagmanager format
Pipe-separated format
CTags format


With CTAGS you can use external and powerful ctags utility that support a lot of langs.

Refer to official docs: http://www.geany.org/manual/current/#tags
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Geany surely have autocomplete and can offer a list of possible completions for symbols defined in the tags and for all words in a document.

The autocompletion list for symbols is presented when the first few characters of the symbol are typed  or when the Complete word  (Ctrl-Space) keybinding is pressed.

When the defined keybinding is typed and the Autocomplete all words in document preference  is selected then the autocompletion list will show all matching words  previously mentioned in the document, if there are no matching symbols.

      

Autocompletion also can be based on specific words like keywords and etc. For this you can check this link
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
As the manual states:


  Upon opening, files of supported filetypes are parsed to extract the
  symbol information (aka "workspace symbols"). You can also have Geany
  automatically load external files containing the symbol information
  (aka "global tags files") upon startup, or manually using Tools --/pp/pp/p/blockquotepa href="http://wiki.geany.org/tags/start" rel="nofollow noreferrer"/a/p/div
Title: Eclipse as an IDE - What do you find missing as a beginner in Java?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am working on a solution that aims at solving problems that newbie programmers experience when they are "modifying code" while bug fixing / doing change requests, on code in production. Eclipse, as we all know is a great IDE. Features such as Code Completion, Open Declaration, Type Hierarchy, Package Explorer, Navigator, Finding References etc aids people in fixing things quicker compared to say using something like Textpad.

If you are a newbie java programmer and you are using Eclipse IDE, what areas of the Eclipse IDE do you think were less helpful/ less intuitive? If you are a seasoned programmer, what are the common issues that newbies look up to you to solve for them? 

Please ignore issues related to : Domain Expertise (Business Knowledge), Infra( where to test your change etc), performance related (eclipse search being slow,etc), Skill level in a particular language (think of the developer as a noob) ... and think one language - Java

I did a local survey in my small team and here are some: 


Newbies using Eclipse to handle code that is written to interfaces where the implementation is supplied at runtime. Doing a 'Open Declaration' will always show you an interface. This could be confusing at times.
Eclipse is not intuitive while developing EJBs. Sure, you know all you have to do to create a new bean is to right click and 'Create Bean', however, once created it shows no contextual help to what the next step should be. For instance, generating stubs.
When Data Source Mapping with entity beans, changing something screws up the entire flow of things and eclpise never complains / hints.
Developing applications that make use of Struts, eclipse doesn't tell you that when you change struts-config.xml, particular web flow would get affected.


At this point, to me, as someone who is interested in collecting opinions for my research, it appears as if Eclipse could use more 'contextual runtime hints'.

I am sure the community would have a lot more to add... Please add more of your negative experiences (just from the code change perspective). 

EDIT:
I guess, my question was too lengthy and confusing. I am gonna rephrase it a bit and keep it short:

While "making a code change" (not analogous to code formatting, infra related activities, CVS etc... say something like refactoring), what feature(s) of eclipse IDE did you not like / hate the most? Here are the examples: 


When modifying code that has been written to interfaces: 'Open Declaration /F3 on an object instance shows you the interface when the implementation is supplied at runtime'.
When changing apps using EJBs: No contextual help 
When changing apps using MVCs(Spring / Struts) : No warnings about change impact.

    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Missing in Eclipse are:
Software visualization, as for example System Complexity View [Lanza 2003]
And also by Lanza, the Class Blueprint [Ducasse 2005]

Post Scriptum: Software visualization in Eclipse: X-Ray provides System Complexity View of Java projects, http://xray.inf.usi.ch/xray.php (via @anjaguzzi and Paul Lammertsma)




And then collaborative filtering &quot;other developers that edited this method before also edited&quot; [Zimmermann 2005]
And the collection of browsable examples, and autocompletion at the level of these examples. That is, for example if your write
ByteBuffer buf = file.

and hit autocompletion it should search the codebase and the interwebs for examples that convert files to bytebuffers and insert that 10-20 lines there.

Parseweb supports developers by recommending method invocation sequences that yield a required
destination data type from given input parameter types. http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1453101.1453129
Prospector supports developers by recommending method invocation sequences that yield a required
destination data type from given input parameter types.http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1064978.1065018
Strathcona provides source code examples and structural con-
text for the code fragment under development. http://lsmr.cpsc.ucalgary.ca/papers/holmes-icse-2005.pdf
Rascal recommends how and when to call the methods of objects from common libraries such as Java Swing, based on an analysis of existing classes. It uses collaborative filtering. http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10462-005-9012-8

And of course also the feature that I can write a Unit test and then the IDE searches the interwebs for classes that pass the test. Yes, this can be done!

CodeGenie is an Eclipse plugin that allows you to write unit tests and then uses the Sourcerer source code search engine to find passing classes. http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1529282.1529384
CodeConjurer which is based on Merobase also offers that feature, see http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/MS.2008.110

This list could go on and on, good starting points for more work are the proceedings of past

Conference on Mining Software Repositories (MSR)
Workshop on Search-driven Software Engineering (SUITE)
Workshop on Recommendation Systems for Software Engineering (RSSE)

which are all under the umbrella of the ICSE conference.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
"newbie issues" I've seen myself (I've used Eclipse for a good while, but it keeps "surprising" me occasionally) and helping colleagues just starting to use Eclipse:


It's large and complex enough to be very intimidating to some at first. Seems people consider netbeans easier to use initially. One colleague took refuge with the VI editor for a god while...
Installing plugins can be tricky (finding site URLs, awareness of plugins, why is "install"+"update" under the Help menu???)
Updates are still slow (but much better than before) with Eclipse 3.5/Galileo. It's difficult to understand which plugins to install just by their name sometimes.
Any platform besides Mac - preferences under the Window menu seems illogical?
Understanding how to set the project class path neatly. Setting the right project JDK version.
Lack of or unexpected interaction between ant/maven build tools' classpath and that of eclipse's (ant/maven clean causes Eclipse compiler errors when classpath is shared etc.).
Views and (large number of) perspectives are confusing/overwhelming at first. Which are useful when? How to drag views to the desired location or restoring closed ones?
Some JDK/Eclipse version combinations required too much PermGen space than available by default, took a while to diagnose.

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
For me, most of the newbie problems in Eclipse come from one of it's strengths, its configurability &amp; plugin structure.

When I need to change a property in Eclipse, I always seem to have to spend a few minutes working out where to change it. Example: changing the Java editor to insert 4 spaces instead of a tab. The search bar in the properties is always welcome :-)

That and the lack of documentation for some of the plugins always makes for fun when I'm setting up a project.

EDIT: You can always show the classes that implement an interface using ctrl-T.

One thing I would add is that when I have a complex project, I tend to use Refresh &amp; Project-/p/div
Answer 4: 

    
    
I think the biggest problem I faced (and still face) with Eclipse is that it isn't particularly aware of standard technologies that surround modern Java development. If I'm developing an application, it might include the following:


Spring
Maven
JSF/Struts 2
Subversion
JUnit


I think Eclipse handles those technologies in increasing levels of awareness: (so JUnit will be fine, it works out of the box; Subversion requires Subclipse, and it's a little ropier than the CVS support; JSF needs some WTP tooling to be installed; Maven...you're probably best off setting up your own external tools commands rather than trust M2Eclipse, unless it's become dramatically better in recent times; and Spring, well, as you say, try ctrl-clicking on a method and you'll almost certainly get an interface, because the implementation is hidden away behind a Spring config file).

Getting all of that to play together and check out/compile, then later compile/run tests/check in is the difficult bit. The code change itself is probably easy :)
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
For me, the biggest hurdle to learning to use eclipse effectively was understanding where to set the classpath and also how to figure out exactly what is included on the classpath for various stages of development (compile, build, test). I was confused for a long time about the difference between compile time, debug configurations, and run configurations classpaths. Then if you throw ant into the mix (which automatically creates a run configuration ) it makes it even more confusing for newbies.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
As a beginner, I didn't do EJB or Struts stuff. Or even data source mapping. So I think the question's title may be a little misleading.

I would have appreciated having something like JadClipse built in to "look at" library code when I hit it in debugging or such. But it should be made VERY clear that this is "reconstituted code" and not meant to be hacked around in.

Second, noobs need to be made much more aware that Shift-F2 will get them the API documentation for whatever class/method they're looking at. I know too many novice Java programmers who explore their APIs with nothing more than code completion; they're missing many valuable hints provided by the library authors.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
A mindreader which generates code on the fly, so that a single click is sufficient to complete a project.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
I found Visual Studio easy to pick up, I tried clicking on each button at least once, and figured out what the whole thing does.  It's thought out by a single design team at the highest level, and everything follows the standards top to bottom, more or less.

Then, I play with Eclipse.  In technical terms, it's janky at best.  Look at the preferences dialog; it's an overwhelming trainwreck, unless you already know exactly what you're looking for, and what the developer working on that feature decided to call it.

Eclipse's configurability relies on the fact you already know how to configure it.  The learning curve there is awful, and the only saving grace is that most of the defaults are okay to begin with.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
I was a noob to eclipse recently, mostly doing Android and BlackBerry stuff.  And one thing that eludes me to this day is the massive multitude of options and settings and various places they can be found in.  For instance, if you have a plugin installed (say BlackBerry plugin), the setting might be found in the general prefs or BlackBerry prefs or the project prefs. 

It's always a hunt. 
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
Here are basic missing features as far as I know :


Show the beginning '{' when you are at the end '}' where beginning '{' is out of the view
Automatically synchronize the editor with package explorer
Go to different view (package explorer, outline, etc) with keyboard 
Inline find, which does not open a dialog.
Go to next error location with keyboard
Go to next/previous structure with keyboard
More stability in general.


These features work great in IntelliJ. Especially #1 and #5 are really useful.
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
VCS integration - typically the developer is also new to merging changes, keeping working copies in sync, resolving conflicts and so on. There are often several ways of achieving the same thing in Eclipse and I've seen this cause confusion on several occasions (actually, I've seen this with experienced developers too; they know Subversion but not Eclipse, and the latter tries to 'hide' the underlying repository operations).
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
I think the issue with all IDEs for beginners is the disconnection from the tool chain: how the compiler takes some source and compiles it to bytecode which I then run using the VM with a correctly configured classpath.

As a dev I love the fact I don't need to deal with this - and I've never found myself unable to do what I want concerning more complex build configurations - but it's too important for beginners to understand what's happening when you press that Play button to be ignored.
    
    
Answer 13: 

    
    
when i first tried using eclipse i absolutely hated it's coplexity.. you had to do a whole bunch of things befor you were able to start working. furthermore you have way to many options to check and it's not always selfexplaining what each button does.

instead i started using netbeans. way more intuitive and easier to handle. check there gui.. not to much buttons and most of the time you know what the button does even if you have no clue of java (as i had at that time).

when i changed back to eclipse (due to some features not supported in netbeans) it seemed far easier to work with it. so some part of the gui might just be added in a not intuitive way and beginners will definitly have a hard time with it.
    
    
Answer 14: 

    
    

simplicity
clearness
consistency


I might write it much more in detail, but i think, that eclipse is overweight and much too much oriented on features - instead of ease of use. IMO, this concerns beginners as well as professionals.
    
    
Answer 15: 

    
    
Eclipse has no visual designer for Swing components.

Compare that to Visual Studio, where:


click 'new form'
drag buttons and text boxes onto the form, move them around, add some labels
double click on a button, add some code
done, one quick application, show it to the boss, get paid/promotion/coffee break


In Eclipse you either have to use Netbeans instead (ie not Eclipse...), or use IBM's SWT, or code the Swing forms by hand.

I feel it would be very nice to have a great wysiwyg forms designer in Eclipse for Swing forms.
    
    
Answer 16: 

    
    
The other confusing part is that for web development there is a separate version that needs to be used! Well I didn't like this at all and I know that a lot of people just don't about this.
    
    
Answer 17: 

    
    
Eclipse is missing Maven Embedded in standard distribution , Maven would help any user in getting their program all the jars and better library management .
Netbeans already has this tools.
Also eclipse misses integrated tools for hibernate , spring , xfire and tomcat deployment using maven.

Check this site http://maven.apache.org/
    
    
Answer 18: 

    
    
All of my other problems with Eclipse have already been mentioned except one: It's slooooooooow. Was their goal to prove the "Java is slow" people right? I'm guessing this is related to the "Eclipse does everything", but I stopped using it because it lags every time I click on anything. Change tabs? Lag. Open preferences? Lag. Change tabs in preferences? Lag. It's like using Photoshop with 32 Mb of memory.

Oh and it's incredibly ugly. I wish I could get it with real GTK+ integration.
    
    
Answer 19: 

    
    
The android SDK integration is full of jank. xml layouts don't render correctly. Code completion doesn't work well. IBM needs to fix the jank for sure.
    
    
Title: Was Visual Studio 2008, 2010 or 2012 (v11) written to use multi cores?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Basically i want to know if the visual studio IDE and/or compiler in 2010 and 2012 was written to make use of a multi core environment (i understand we can target multi core environments in all versions using parallelism, but that is not my question).

I am trying to decide on if i should get a higher clock dual core or a lower clock quad core, as i want to try and figure out which processor will give me the absolute best possible experience with Visual Studio 2010 or 2012 (v11) (ide and background compiler).

If they are running the most important section (background compiler and other ide tasks) in one core, then the core will get cut off quicker if running a quad core, especially if background compiler is the heaviest task, i would imagine this would be difficult to separate in more than one process, so even if it uses multi cores you might still be better off going for a higher clock CPU if the majority of the processing is still bound to occur in one core (i.e. the most significant part of the VS environment).

I am a VB programmer, they've made great performance improvements in 2010 and 2012, congrats (except for the horrid grey scale design and the uppercase everywhere), but I would love to be able to use VS seamlessly... anyone have any ideas? Also, I'm not too worried about solution load time, as I only code one project at a time.

Thanks.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I think you're probably better off with a higher-clock dual core.  I think VS (and most apps today) do not yet take great advantages of multi-threading.  VS may have dozens of threads running, but only a subset of operations really take advantage of them well I think.  A whole lot of the VS implementation is C++ COM components that run on the STA thread, so the UI thread does the bulk of the work in many scenarios.  The fact that many pieces of the VS shell are being rewritten in managed code as part of VS2010 will help break a lot more of these ancient component STA dependencies.  As others have mentioned, some key scenarios (like building a large solution) already do take advantage of multiple cores (MSBuild works well in parallel), so if those dominate what you care about, then more cores is better.  But for things like IDE UI usage and background compilation, I think most of these are still mostly single-threaded.  I've a quad-core box at work, and I rarely see VS2008 use more than 25% of my CPU resources.  (I've not used VS2010 enough in earnest to know which scenarios are better, though I know at least a few are better.)
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
MSBuild supports building projects in parallel. Visual Studio 2008 takes advantage of multiple processors to compile projects.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
As other people have noted, MSVS 2010 does indeed use multiple processes for compilation. Although, it does not automatically converts into heavily reduced compilation time.
I have just made a test with a middle sized C++ project (around 200 files).
It built faster on Dual Core at 3.4 Ghz than Quad Core at 2.8Ghz. Although Dual Core processor is cheaper. (Systems are practically identical with 4GiB DDR2 Ram each).
I must note also, that during compilation Dual Core processor was loaded to 70% max. As you can see, if VS2010 can not fully load even 2 cores, what is the point of having 4 or more?
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Forget CPU. The single biggest performance boost you can give your machine is a Solid State drive. Compilation and background processes such as Resharper and Intellisense are so IO intensive that the main bottleneck with visual studio is IO. I have never seen VS max out the CPU, regardless of whether I had single, dual quad or 8 cores as I do now.

Update
Thanks for your comment @Erx... I am no expert about the exact processes that are going on. However, if you think about how many reads the compiler makes just to compile a project, you won't be surprised by the IO hit. Visual Studio may hold files in memory, but have you noticed that when you build a project and you have unsaved changes, the files are saved first before the build kicks off? This tells me that the msbuild compiler is accessing the saved files and that it doesn't use the in-memory files. If you have closed a file in VS, there is no guarantee that the file is still in memory as it might have been cleaned up by VS's memory management. So it makes sense that the compiler gets a clean copy. This can be many hundreds or thousands of files. Then there is the writing of compiled output, NuGet package reads, ConfigGen scripts (http://configgen.codeplex.com/). You get the picture.

Also, I have read somewhere that Intellisense does a lot of reading and writing to the file system, so that is going to be an added hit on performance if you have a slow HDD. 

Plugins such as Resharper also hit the file system, particularly with background compilation. I would never advocate removing Resharper as it is the best productivity tool available. So I will reiterate, if you have splashed out on a fancy new system with the latest number of available cores and huge ammounts of RAM, spend a couple of hundred dollars / £100  on a new SSD. You won't regret it.

Also, Check out Scott Guthrie's bog on the matter http://weblogs.asp.net/scottgu/archive/2007/11/01/tip-trick-hard-drive-speed-and-visual-studio-performance.aspx  Specifically, I quote: "...where necessary trade off purchasing additional CPU processor speed in favor of investing in a faster disk instead". If anybody should know you would expect the head of the Visual Studio Development Team to know.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
http://blogs.msdn.com/visualstudio/archive/2010/03/08/tuning-c-build-parallelism-in-vs2010.aspx
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
On thing to consider would be your use of virtualization in your development environment. virtualization definitely makes use of multiple cores whether or not Visual Studio does.  I have multiple development environments each with its own VM.   
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
The question has been edited to mention VS2012, but most of answers date back to before that was released. VS2012 introduced parallel builds as a standard feature. So, there is better opportunity to easily utilize more cores on a capable CPU. However as previously mentioned, if you want short compile times a fast hard drive is essential, preferably a high end SSD.

There is some debate regarding whether the hard drive or the CPU is the better investment, but improving either should have a big impact. In most markets the cost of developer time far outweighs hardware costs so usually you are best off buying the best CPU and hard drive you can. The only thing to factor in is the law of diminishing returns at they very top end.

Quote from the article regarding parallel builds on VS2012:


  Visual Studio 2010 included an option for "maximum number of parallel
  project builds." Although there was no indication of any restriction,
  this IDE option only worked for C++ projects. Fortunately, this
  restriction no longer applies to Visual Studio 11. Rather, there's now
  full support for parallel builds in other languages as well. To view
  this, run a copy of Process Explorer at the same time a solution with
  numerous projects is building. You'll see that multiple MSBuild
  instances are created -- as many as specified in the "maximum number
  of parallel project builds."

    
    
Title: File -&gt; Make&hellip; menu option is disabled in VB6 IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
VB6 IDE can get into a state when the Make XXXX menu option under the File Menu is disabled.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Found my own solution that did not require re-installing VB6.
In VB6, Right click on the toolbar, goto Customize and reset toolbars. 
Aftewards, the Make XXXX menu under the File menu is re-enabled!
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I have encountered this when the file(s) were read-only. Make the files read/write and try again.
    
    
Title: In Eclipse folders appear as packages
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm getting an issue where non-src folders are looking like packages, they look completely fine in my natural folder directory.



The assets folder should be a hierarchy, but isn't.

Thought it was because I was in package explorer but not project explorer, same issue with project explorer.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I believe, you right click on your project and choose "Build Path" and "Use as source folder". If it is the case, you can revert the problem by right clicking on your project and selecting "Build Path" and then "Remove from build path".
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
For me the following worked (in RAD actually): Go to "Project Properties" / "Java Build Path" and mark the Resource Folder as "Source folders on the build path". 



The Resource Folder (here, src/main/resources) appears as filled with classless packages:



Enter the exlcusion pattern "**" to exclude any source path:

 

This solves the problem.


    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Maven Update fixed my problem easily.

Right click on project, 

maven-&gt;Update Project


I suspect that the cause was I run maven commands from command prompt (cmd) directly.
    
    
Title: VSCode break comma separated values into rows
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there a way to separate this format:

const { a, b, c, d, e, g, f, g, etc } = alphabet


Into

const { 
  a, 
  b, 
  c, 
  d, 
  e, 
  g, 
  f, 
  g, 
  etc } = alphabet


Easily?

UPDATE

After endless search for a few days, I decided to spend my weekend creating an extension to achieve this. See my answer below. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can use the multi cursor feature in this case.


Move the list to the position where you would like to see the first element
Select the first comma
Execute editor.action.addSelectionToNextFindMatch (on Windows it's set to  CTRL+d by default) until all commas are selected
Now you have multiple selections with multiple cursors at every comma. Press the right arrow key to set the cursors behind the commas
Press ENTER
Adjust the indentation if you want.


This is how it looks like:


    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Update

I've done this a couple of years ago. Nowadays, I'm using prettier which has been really helpful and more productive. However, I'm keeping a copy of the plugin I made for ad-hoc purposes and for education.



I've been looking for support on this for days but can't find any. So I decided to create an extension called Break From Comma!

I hope this helps! Contributions are very much welcome too!

Features


Supports both single and double quotations  
Automatic indentations!


Limitation


It doesn't support multi cursor at the moment. 



    
    
Title: Remove automated closing bracket comments in IntelliJ IDEA
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm seeing following happen when working in intelliJ IDEA with Dart based project



All comments there i.e // AppBar are auto generated, I assume for easier tracking of what closing brackets belong where. Weird bit is that I can't even highlight them, nor delete them and when I copy code they are not copied over.

Is there a way to disable this feature in the ide?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The checkbox is in Settings (Preferences) | Editor | General | Appearance, toggle 'Show closing labels in Dart source code'.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
And in the vs code editor, change this setting to false
&quot;dart.closingLabels&quot;: true

You can find this setting easily. Go setting and search(Ctrl+f) dart.closingLabels
Update 24.11.2019:
If you want to customize the closing label color, you can do this. In vscode, open your settings.json file and set this setting
&quot;workbench.colorCustomizations&quot;: {
    &quot;dart.closingLabels&quot;: &quot;#FF5733&quot;
 },

    
    
Title: how do i get eclipse to interpret .ejs files as .html?
Description: 
    
    
                    
i recently started on a node project and two of the modules i'm using is express and EJS. but default i usually use eclipse as my IDE, it works well for java and decent for html and javascript. but one problem i'm having is that for .ejs files i get no markup color coding, or any form of code completion. it's basically just a plain file.

does anyone know how i can get eclipse to interpret .ejs files as .html files? i figure it's pretty similar except for the occasional embed tags. or a recommendation for an IDE more well suited to node.js/html/ejs development.

thanks!
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
For a specific file, try right-click, Open With -
Answer 2: 

    
    
As an addendum to rlegendi's answer, if you'd also like the proper html coloring, you need to go to "Content Types" (right above "Editors" in the Preferences). From here, select Text -/em/p/div
Answer 3: 

    
    
For me, the best way has been:

Windows 
Title: Android Studio : how to create hotkey to clear logcat?
Description: 
    
    
                    
How to create hotkey to clear logcat in Android Studio.
I also look in file/setting/keymap but there is no command to clear logcat.

Sometimes I want want to see logs of previous launch too.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can clear Logcat on every time you run the app.
For android Studio:
Go to 
Run 
Answer 2: 

    
    
In Android Studio preference/keymap. Search for "Clear all" then assign your key.


However, you need to click/focus on the logcat anyway. PS. I have installed plugin 


  Key Promoter


This plugin help me use and assign new hotkeys alot
    
    
Title: Python IDE built into Visual Studio 2008?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Hi I develop in Visual Studio 2008 a lot and would like to find an addin like vsphp which  enables intellisense and debugging in Visual Studio. Is IronStudio what I am looking for? As far as I understand IronStudio is a Plugin for .NET.

If there is no Plugin for Visual Studio 2008 whats a great IDE for a python newbee who loves Visual Studio (hate netbeans and eclipse sorry just don't feel the love)

Also if IronPython Studio is an IDE do I want the Isolated or Integrated Version? I don't seem to understand the name.

I installed integrated and got this: http://dl.getdropbox.com/u/5910/Jing/2009-02-11_1750.png :( no console like here: http://www.codeplex.com/IronPythonStudio
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Have a look at PyScripter, I haven't tried it extensively but heard good things about it.

It's not an addon to Visual Studio, it's an independent IDE.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I had a similar dilemma when I first started writing in Python. I couldn't find any plugins for VS so I tried a few alternatives:


IDLE - comes packaged with Python and works but felt very cludgy to me
Wingware Python IDE - not free, but seemed to have pretty good debugging capabilities
e-texteditor - has nice syntax highlighting but running Python script from it frequently causes issues.
Eclipse with PyDev - is what I now use - syntax highlighting, auto-completion, debugging capabilities etc. etc.


There's a couple of reviews of options that might be of use to you:


Jonathan Ellis's Programming Blog
Wikipedia


Personally, I'd recommend Eclipse + PyDev :-)

[Edit] Iron Python looks pretty cool - might have to check that one out!

[Update 25/04/2013] I just use PyCharm these days. Absolutely fantastic IDE and it even understands DJango
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Java based IDE's are no good they tend to be fat, slow, and unpolished.
Eclipse has a poor programming paradigm that is unnecesarrily confusing.  The many IDE vendors made a mistake by quitting their native products and basing them instead on Eclipse.  They can't differentiate themselves and the experience is awful.  Real shame actually.  VS needs competition but they all rolled over and died.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Provided that you have Visual Studio 2008 and the VS 2k8 Shell Integrated Redistributable package, IronPython Studio Integrated will plug into the VS 2k8 IDE.

Visual Studio 2008 Shell (Integrated)

Visual Studio 2010 beta 2 Shell (Integrated)
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
IronPython tools for Visual Studio 2010. is fairly well intergrated.  I know you asked for 2008 but now that 2010 is out ;)
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I'll second one of Jon's suggestions: PyDev and Eclipse.  This is great if you are already using Eclipse for other development.

You can grab it (and links to the Eclipse platform) from here:
  http://pydev.sourceforge.net/download.html
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Python tools for Visual Studio 2010 is out now http://ironpython.codeplex.com/releases/view/41236
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
IronPython and Python Tools for Visual Studio (PTVS)  are different things.

PTVS http://pytools.codeplex.com/ is a free &amp; open source plug-in for Visual Studio 2010 from Microsoft's Developer Division. It allows you to code python using Visual Studio, gaining the benefits to use all the major productivity features of Visual Studio.

PTVS is compatible with IronPython and CPython, which are Python distributions where you run your code.

CPython is the traditional Python distribution while IronPython http://ironpython.net  is an alternate that allows you to run python over .Net and allows you to user other .Net libraries on your applications.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
Why don't you try the Aptana studio. It is similar to the Eclipse and PyDev. But is an separate IDE based upon python and web development.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
Three different things 
- Python Tools for Visual Studio 
- IronPython
- IronPython Studio 

Only this last (I think) allows for visual Gui design.
but it is dead
    
    
Title: Search in PyCharm interactive console command history
Description: 
    
    
                    
PyCharm keeps a command history for it's interactive Python console.

Is there a way to access this history with some sort of search instead of just browsing the entries with the arrow keys in the interactive console window?

My environment: PyCharm 2.7 EAP (124.138) on MacOS X 10.8.2.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
As of PyCharm 3.1, while in the console, press ⌥⌘e, the "Browse History" window will come up, start typing to search for specific commands
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Not available yet, please vote for the related feature requests:


PY-7922 In console, search history by typing prefix and pressing the "up" key
PY-5011 Ctrl+R in console should invoke history search like in bash

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
In Windows you can use Ctrl Alt e
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Nowadays, there is "Browse Console History" button located to the left of python console. It works on all OS where PyCharm works.

In Windows and Linux there is Ctrl+Alt+E which does exectly the same, but it may not work on Linux if it is overriden by system hotkey Alt.


    
    
Title: Lighttable, set font size
Description: 
    
    
                    
i am new on Lighttable IDE.
anyone know how to set workspace and windows font size.
i can change editor font size. but dont know how to set font-size for other element.
or change font-size global for all IDE fonts.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Open commands pane (^Space), search for "User behaviour". This will open config file. Add the following into the middle  (LightTable 0.7+):

[:editor :lt.objs.style/font-settings "Menlo" 13 2]


On older LightTable versions add this instead:

:editor [:lt.objs.editor/no-wrap
              (:lt.objs.style/font-settings "Menlo" 13 2) ;; font-family: Menlo, font-size: 13px, line-height: 2em
              (:lt.objs.style/set-theme "default")]

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    

Press CTRL Space and search "user behaviors"


*Click on Settings: User behaviors

*Uncomment (remove ;;) under  ;; Common behaviors to consider the following line
  ;;[:app :lt.objs.style/font-settings "Arial" "13"] and change the last value which represents the font size


    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/light-table-discussion/KJpBfOPy660
zoom for alternative option..
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Put following line in user.behaviors:

[:app :lt.objs.plugins/load-css "/home/&amp;lt;your_username&gt;/.config/LightTable/console.css"]


In console.css put something like this:

ul.console, em.file, em.line {
    font-family:"DejaVu Sans"
    font-size:12px;
}

ul.console &gt; li &gt; table &gt; tr &gt; td &gt; pre {
    font-family:"Ubuntu Mono";
    font-size:12px;
}


Of course, you need not have two different font families as filename and output are already printed in different colors, but there it is.

CSS styling is not dynamically reloaded as user keybindings and behaviors, if you change your CSS, you need to close &amp; reopen LightTable. That should be fixed, hopefully someone will open an issue at github issue tracker. ;)
    
    
Title: What is the difference between Lazarus and CodeTyphon
Description: 
    
    
                    
Firstly, I saw some topics about these two but weren't my answer.

I'm looking for a good FPC(Free Pascal Compiler) IDE on GNU/Linux.

There are some IDE's like Lazarus and CodeTyphon. I need suggestion to choose one of those.

I've tried Lazarus once but all windows was separated. It looks messy and not interesting.

I would like to know what are the distinguishes between these two ?

I would like to know advantages / disadvantages each of those. Thank you
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
CodeTyphon is a distro of Lazarus, like Ubuntu and Debian are distros of Linux.

CodeTyphon comes with a large package of components and plugins, that otherwise you would have to google and download and install.

CodeTyphon have their own idea what are stable versions and what are not stable yet for both of FPC (compiler) and Lazarus(IDE). Whether their assessment is better or worse than upstream's Lazarus Team's, i don't know.

What about one-single-window plugin, it is work-in-progress and it doesn't seems to me it is ready for production use, no matter would you get it as part of CT or download and add it to vanilla Lazarus. However maybe it better works on Linux than on Windows, dunno.

There were however issues with code legality in CT grande bundle. It is widely believed that Orca (if I remember the name) violates copyrights of glScene/vgScene, which also happened in early Delphi FMX releases but was fixed by EMBA later. There also were disputes in FPC forums/wiki about CodeTyphon pirating some open-source components. See answer by Peter Dunne below.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Your question is akin to asking the difference between Linux and Ubuntu. Lazarus is an IDE/component library, based on FreePascal (FPC). And CodeTyphon is a distribution of Lazarus and FPC. So CodeTyphon is just one way to install a functioning installation of Lazarus.

Lazarus uses the same floating window design as older versions of Delphi. Installing from CodeTyphon won't change that.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Myself and several friends highlighted several licensing issues with codetyphon
most of which could have been corrected by sourcing the included files from known good source and ensuring the correct license headers were included
PirateLogic refused to correct the issues which means they are using code in direct violation of the original license terms
The fact its open source code does not change the fact they are pirating the code by not including the correct license even after the issue was highlighted
I also found several instances of copyright code included which appears to be proprietary and not FOSS at all
They also changed the path &amp; file names on some libraries so that source is no longer compatible with standard lazarus/component installs
This in my view is totally illogical
These 2 factors heavily undermine what was potentially the best FPC/Lazarus distro
Hardly professional
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Lazarus can be a daunting installation process due to it's nature as a cross compiling environment. You don't just download an installer and click ok. A typical "installation" is actually a bootstrap FPC compiler doing a three-pass compilation of an "install". There are plenty of good installation scripts/methods from the official Lazarus/FPC team and in the community for a . But, understandably, the installation process is a skill in itself. 

CodeTyphon is a a different/separate branch of an installer system, which is more of a utility suite/tools/third party code compilation library. If you want the simplest installation experience go with CodeTyphon. It has the nice graphical front end for managing the compiler. You can conveniently do the fancy stuff like build "cross-compilers" for almost every "target" operating system out there. It also is jam packed with hundreds of the best components/libraries pre-installed. It is a very actively maintained project and very professional. A whole lot of work is done for you.

Even if you want to be learn the low level compiler capabilities, CodeTyphon is a good place to start. It is written in FCP/Lazarus and is open source. Simply study it as "working demo app" and the other info on the compiler details. If you crash it, at least you don't have to learn to climb the hill. You get to get to start from the top and lose control on the way down. Start from scratch (and a three hour reinstallation) Hahaha
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Lazarus also has a package "AnchorDock" which allows you to dock all the windows into one. Either install the anchor dock design package after installing Lazarus, or install Lazarus using the script at getlazarus.org which will do it for you.
    
    
Title: How do I edit the (runtime) classpath in Eclipse?
Description: 
    
    
                    
In Eclipse, while trying to start Tomcat, I am getting this error:

The project: xxxxxxs which is referenced by the classpath, does not exist.

The reason is, I renamed my project from xxxxxxs to xxxxxx (note no "s"). It is still referencing the old one. Where is the (runtime) classpath and how do I edit it?

I know this is simple, and I've looked. 

(Similar to Java Eclipse - How do I change the classpath? but I just want to know how to edit it, not how to solve my particular problem.)
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Found it now that I've asked:

Run -&gt; Run Configurations... -&gt; Classpath

This is for the runtime classpath, for build classpath editing, see Java - Problem with the classpath on Eclipse.
    
    
Title: spyder change editor default font/scale/zoom
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there an option in Spyder to set/change a default script window (editor) scale?

I always have to adjust the script display for each script when I open Spyder with ctrl + mouse wheel and it annoys me a lil bit.

I searched it Spyder preferences and in google, but didn't find anything helpful.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Seems that I didn't inspect Preferences attentively enough initially.
Right answer is:

Preferences-code/code
Answer 2: 

    
    
Right clicking in the text window there are menus Zoom in, Zoom out and Zoom reset
    
    
Title: VisualStudioCode IDE Red Triangles in HTML Markup Editor
Description: 
    
    
                    
What do these red triangles represent, missing closing tags?  I checked all over the VS Code docs, nothing documents these visual cues.


    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Probably you didn't searched all the pages :)

"A red triangle indicates where lines have been deleted"

From: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/versioncontrol#_gutter-indicators
    
    
Title: Highlighting all occurrences of a search string in Eclipse Java editor
Description: 
    
    
                    
If you search for a String in Netbeans Java editor, it automatically highlights all occurrences of that string.

But, how can I achieve this feature in Eclipse?

(I checked Preferences 
Answer 1: 

    
    
Have you tried the Glance plugin for Eclipse? fully meet your requirements and even with more features.

demo and Github of this project:
http://ystrot.github.io/glance/



UPDATE: available in Eclipse marketplace

http://marketplace.eclipse.org/marketplace-client-intro?mpc_install=1012
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You can enable "Toggle Mark Occurrences" (shortkey is ALT+SHIFT+O).

For the color of the select text,you can:


  Window-
Answer 3: 

    
    
eclipse instasearch plugin is a very useful plugin for search needs inside eclipse.
It is based on lucene. This is also available in eclipse marketplace.

It has extensive feature set. 


Instantly shows search results
Shows a preview using relevant lines
Periodically updates the index
Matches partial words (e.g. case in CamelCase)
Opens and highlights matches in files
Searches JAR source attachments
Supports filtering by extension/project/working set

    
    
Title: How do I fold code for comment blocks inside method blocks?
Description: 
    
    
                    
How can I fold comment blocks inside method blocks to be folded (outlined), just like methods and regions, etc.?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    

Select the block that you want to hide
Ctrl+M+H


This needs to be done only once. The block will become collapsible afterwards.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Edit + Outlining + Start Automatic Outlining.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I think it might be right...

도구 
Title: Jump to method call from method definition in eclipse [Java perspective]
Description: 
    
    
                    
(In eclipse)
We have a shortcut key to jump to method definition from wherever the method is called, i.e. by using F3. But what if I am currently on the method definition and I want to go that location where the method is called or used. Any shortcut for this? 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can try Ctrl+Shift+G which is a equivalent to find references.

or Ctrl+Alt+H which brings up call hierarchy.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
It's Ctrl + Alt + H to bring up the call hierarchy.
    
    
Title: Delphi: How to get rid of "Ancestor of TMyForm not found error&#39;?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have some forms inherited from a TMyForm (TMyForm is a 3rdparty component with source code form).

When I open in the IDE my forms inherited from TMyForm I have:


  Error creating form: Ancestor for
  'TMyForm ' not found.


The workaround is to open the TMyForm unit in the IDE and then try top open my inherited forms.

But how can I avoid that Delphi gives this error and is able to open my forms even if TMyForm is not opened in the IDE?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You need to have the parent form opened in the IDE or added to the project, there's no workaround, unfortunately. Over here: Register custom form so I can inherit from it from multiple projects, without copying the form to the Object Repository folder I attempted lots and lots of things, without success.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
My Workaround. There are several ways:


Add to project full path to all of the parent form. Uncomfortable, because of absolute path
Add package with parent forms to the project list. In this case, no problems there. But every time it is necessary to open a components
in the delphi environment.
Use a temporary solution from embarcadero.


There is automatically opens all the child forms:

Ticket, was created about 10 years ago: http://qc.embarcadero.com/wc/qcmain.aspx?d=8376

Here you can download the version for Delphi XE2: https://bitbucket.org/hemn/autoopenunit

I recommend it!
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Take a look at this - see if it helps

How do I use or resolve issues with visual form inheritance in Delphi?
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I've been searching all over for a solution to this and it seems I've finally found one.

I'm using a package with several base forms and frames.

I've added these to the repository, yet still the error came up.

Some of the forms and frames didn't show a 'dfm' in the Project Manager, it seems key to this, is to edit the .dpr file and add the name in curly brackets:

fIBSConnectionForm in 'GUI\BaseGUI\fIBSConnectionFrom.pas',


into

fIBSConnectionForm in 'GUI\BaseGUI\fIBSConnectionFrom.pas' {frmIBSConnectionForm},


and for frames, make sure to use {f...: TFrame}

After doing this and restarting Delphi, I could open descendant forms again!
    
    
Title: What IDEs have support for the Hack Language?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Has anyone managed to find an IDE for Hack Language used on HHVM ?Is there any plugin available for the well-known IDEs like Eclipse,Netbeans,etc?
Thank you!

Edit : By the time SiebelsTim has embedded typechecker and made a basic syntax highlighting for Sublime. You can find the plugin here
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Here are the plugins for vim, emacs and Sublime 1.

More support in other IDEs will be probably added in the future. I'm especially waiting for plugins for PHPStorm and Netbeans.

1 = I don't use these editors, so please don't ask me how to install the plugins.

EDIT: There is now a page in HHVM docs with links to various plugins.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I've created a plugin for Github's Atom Editor, it can be found on GitHub.

It allows you to configure remote SSH Machines too (a great feature if you're on windows and running HHVM in a VirtualMachine).
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
for netbeans integration there is already an issue opened
https://netbeans.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=243133
    
    
Title: Is there an autocomplete for Dr. Racket?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I usually use Sublime text editor and gnome terminal to edit and run my programs. Due to educational purposes, I am using the IDE Dr. Racket. 

I could not find an autocomplete feature to use while typing. I checked this out on google and at Dr. Racket's menu.

For instance, if I am calling a function already defined I would like to accelerate the process of typing the functions name.
I have tried using control + /, but it does not work as an autocomplete for variables and procedures already defined.



Edit

@Sylwester, look, I tried that with a previous defined function, named square. It did not work:
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    


Linux and Windows

CTRL + /. 

Mac OSX

Command + /

The last "key" might not be a button on its own and if that's so it needs to be the combination to make a /. eg. on my norwegian keyboard its 
CTRL + SHIFT + 7 since SHIFT + 7 makes a /.

I have no idea where it gets it's matches from since I see it finds fold even when it is not called that in #lang racket. It does not seem to catch user procedures either.

This answer is based on information from a racket mailing list entry from 2011. It's not documented in DrRacket shotcuts page so it might not be officially supported. 
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
On top of the default autocomplete, there are various other options:

The drcomplete package provides several autocomplete features,
The quickscript-extra package contains the dynamic-abbrev script (autocomplete based on the contents of the file) and complete-word script (completion based on a given dictionary),
The quickscript-competition-2020 package contains the fishy-completion script (lexical-based completion).

For the latter 2, you get scripts entries in the Scripts menu in DrRacket, plus default keybindings. (Also note that the other scripts installed at the same time can be deactivated from the Scripts|Manage scripts… menu.)
    
    
Title: How to change background of all VIEWS in Eclipse IDE? [duplicate]
Description: 
    
    
                        
            
        
            
                
                    
                        This question already has answers here:
                        
                    
                
            
                    
                        Eclipse IDE for Java - Full Dark Theme
                            
                                (19 answers)
                            
                    
                Closed 7 years ago.
        


    

I would like to get a dark look for Eclipse IDE (Aptana).
I changed background color of code editors and other colors.
But i can't figure out, how to change background color of all views ...
In Window -
Answer 1: 

    
    
Update July 2012 (31 months later):
With the latest Eclipse4.2 (June 2012, &quot;Juno&quot;) release, you won't depend on the OS colors anymore and can choose precisely the colors for each view (or any other elements) of your IDE.
See the article by Lars Vogel in &quot;Eclipse 4 is beautiful – Create your own Eclipse 4 theme&quot;:


If you want to play with it, you only need to write a plug-in, create a CSS file and use the org.eclipse.e4.ui.css.swt.theme extension point to point to your file.
If you export your plug-in, place it in the “dropins” folder of your Eclipse installation and your styling is available.


Original answer: December 2009
As mentioned in the question Color Themes for Eclipse?, that kind of setting mainly concern the editor:

But for the rest of the eclipse editor, this thread points out the difficulty:

This is actually quite hard problem, because it seems that every plugin has it's own colors and you cannot any way set defaults which would inherit down to different plugins.
No, what you need to do is to change colors in every plugin. I think this is a problem in Eclipse's color management in general and not a PDT's problem.

The SO answer to Dark color scheme for Eclipse? mentions:

Most of the other views are controlled by the colors specified by the operating system.
For example, on Windows you can head to the Advanced Appearance settings and change the Window item with your desired colors.
Of course, this means all your applications change across the entire operating system, which may be good or bad depending on your taste.

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
For aptana, at least version 3, there are Themes to set colours of all the elements.


    
    
Title: IDE(s) for Polyglot programming
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm working in Java, C ,Perl, and Bash (and a little python) on a project that all work together (mostly via RESTfull interfaces) and am looking for an IDE suited to Polyglot programming?

What IDE can i use that has:  


jump to definition  
call hierarchy 
syntax highlighting


across at least these languages:


Java
C
Perl


all from within the same project?

ps: i'm not too concerned with building the project.

pps: It is important that context switching time be minimal, searches can cross languages, and that the call hierarchy and jump-to-definition work in all visible code all the time. diferent editors have differing concepts of "project" and I'm not concernted about that as long as these criteria are met. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Java and C are fully supported by Eclipse.  There is also a third party plugin for Perl called EPIC.  It is still in beta, but it may be sufficient to meet your needs.


  How to you create a project in Eclipse that can index both java and C code in the same project? 


This question more or less addresses the problem:  How to change an Eclipse default project into a Java project

Basically, open the .project file and add the requisite builders and natures.

Another alternative is to split your work into separate Eclipse projects.  All of the indexing stuff should work fine across multiple projects in a workspace.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Have a look at Emacs with the Emacs Code Browser.

Here are some features:


A directory tree,
a list of source files in the current directory (with
full support and display of the
VC-state),
a list of functions/classes/methods/... in the current file, (ECB uses the CEDET-semantic, or Imenu, or etags, for getting this list so all languages supported by any of these tools are automatically supported by ECB too) 
a history of recently visited files (groupable by several
criteria), 
a direct and auto-updated ecb-window for the semantic-analyzer
for some intellisense,
the Speedbar and
output from compilation (the
compilation window) and other modes
like help, grep etc. or whatever a
user defines to be displayed in this
window.


alt text http://psilva.ath.cx/Screenshot.jpg

Together with the appropriate language editing modes (which exist for your required languages, most likely all installed by default with Emacs: cperl, jde and cc-mode), I think this might be a good choice.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
if you are considering commercial products then have a look at Intellij idea 9. 
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
If you're working on *nix I'd go with emacs or xemacs, with the proper extensions they'll do everything you want. On windows they aren't so good, but stil quite usable.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I use BBEdit.  It meets all your requirements except the call hierarchy.
    
    
Title: How to code/reference to a PHP callable functions easy to manage for my IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
When I have to write a reference to a callable function I use the standard syntax of PHP defined as:


  A PHP function is passed by its name as a string. Any built-in or user-defined function can be used [... omitted...].
  
  A method of an instantiated object is passed as an array containing an object at index 0 and the method name (aka string)
  at index 1.
  
  Static class methods can also be passed without instantiating an object of that class by passing the class name  (still a string)
  instead of an object at index 0.
  
  As of PHP 5.2.3, it is also possible to pass  (the string)  'ClassName::methodName'.
  
  Apart from common user-defined function, anonymous functions can also be passed to a callback parameter.


All of these ways are not "IDE friendly" for operations like function name refactor or find usage of.

In my answer I propose a solution, but there are other approaches that can be applied, even totally different, that allow to IDE to "find" the invocation of the methods?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You already are next to the shortest thing you can do

You can perfectly call your anonymous function directly in your function call without using a variable

For instance, you can replace:

$callable=function($param) use ($object){ 
   return $object-&gt;myMethod($param); 
}
call_user_func($callable, $param);


by:

call_user_func(function($param) use ($object){ 
   return $object-&gt;myMethod($param); 
}, $param);


You will have to wait for arrow functions in future PHP versions, and you should be able to use something like:

call_user_func(fn($a) =&gt; $object-&gt;myMethod($a), $param);

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I became to a solution, always based on the anonymous-functions that solve the problem but leave me not full satisfied:

Static method of a class

$callable = function($param){ 
    return \my\namespace\myClass::myMethod($param); 
}


method of a object

$callable = function($param) use ($object){ 
    return $object-&gt;myMethod($param); 
}


method of $this object 

$callable = function($param){ 
    return self::myMethod($param); 
}




Alternatives for oldest php versions

Inside the all classess you gonna call (or in their parents) define the function classname() as follow:

public static function className()
{
    return get_called_class();
}


or for very old PHP:

public static function className()
{
    return "MyClass";
}


Then

call_user_func(array(MyClass::className(), 'myCallbackMethod')); 

    
    
Title: IntelliJ vs STS (SpringSource Tool Suite), what am I missing by using one or the other and can I make them feature equivalent for comparsion?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've been using STS (just started to use and learn it slowly) but some users here where I work use IntelliJ. I was wondering what exactly STS comes with that can make it better/easier to use vs. IntelliJ and vice versa. Also I was wondering if there are any plugins or ways to make IntelliJ feature equivalent to whatever could be possibly missing vs STS and vice versa so I can do an equal and fair comparison.

Thanks!

Edit,

I will say that STS takes AGES to load vs IntelliJ for some reason so if someone knows how to tweak STS to open faster I'd love to know. Even on this new MBP 15" with i7 and 4GB of ram it feels way too slow opening up and is excruciatingly frustrating when it hangs.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
It's 2016 and STS has come a long way. I favor it over IntelliJ for many reasons. Some are Eclipse specific and others are pre-packaged with STS (but can be installed into an Eclipse distro).

The most valuable is the Quick Text Search. STS will index all the text in all files in your project. Ctrl+Shift+L opens the dialog and you can type any text in the bar. All occurences of the string instantly appear across all files.

I like the ability to organize imports in over IntelliJ and greatly favor the look and feel of the IDE. I've used Eclipse/STS for much longer than I have IntelliJ so I am a bit biased here. 

The ability to natively handle different file types and frameworks is IntelliJ's greatest strength. I work on Grails projects from time to time and support for the latest and greatest with Grails is non-existent anymore within the Eclipse/STS family, whereas IntelliJ provides good support.

BTW: STS is free(!) whereas you can't even buy IntelliJ anymore. You merely lease the software for a year under their new subscription model.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Go to Window-
Answer 3: 

    
    
I used STS for around 2 years, and recently tried Intelij [Community] for spring web development. 
I found IntelliJ much better in 


performance
usability
features
Keyboard shortcuts save a lot of time (No need to use a mouse at all)
File formats supported
Debugging window


But web development and spring development is not supported in community version of Intelij, so you need enterprise version, which costs a lot [At least for Indian customers]

So, for spring development I always prefer STS and for other development (I work on Vertx as well) I prefer Intelij
    
    
Title: Intellij: Making a project dependent on another project?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am new to using Intellij and I am facing a problem. I have a project, which is dependent on another project and this second project is integrated using maven repository. So when I work on my project, maven handles everything perfectly and everything is working. But the second project is under development and there are frequent updates which are not in maven repository yet. So what I want to do is to make my first project directly dependent on the second project(it is present in my local system). So that the second project is referred directly from the code and not maven repo. Is it possible in Intellij. I have done this in Eclipse but not able to do it in Intellij. Any help will be usesful.

Thanks
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You should be able to configure this in IntelliJ IDEA's Project properties (cmd + ; on Mac, ctrl + alt + shift + s on Windows/Linux).  Select "Modules", select the dependencies tab on the right, and add the dependent module to the module.
    
    
Title: Typescript: Yarn Workspaces IDE Support (IntelliJ, VSCode &hellip;)
Description: 
    
    
                    
Working on a larger typescript project we decided to move the code to a monorepo with yarn workspaces.

We use webpack to build and bundle and everything works well (especially the linking between local modules/packages).

Since yarn workspaces will store most of the node_modules in the mono repo's root folder, the IDE (IntelliJ as well as VSCode) have problems resolving the imports to any node_modules when coding inside a "inner" project (so called "package" of a monorepo).

The strange thing is that imports are not known but on the other hand most of the time you can navigate to the correct source / definition within the IDEs for the same import if you write it down manually.

We have tried to tell IntelliJ to look into another folder for node_modules, but still not satisfying.

Please share your experience with yarn workspaces / monorepo (e.g. lerna) and how you develop the code living in these monorepos.

Which IDE do you use? 

Did you add any special configurations to the IDE and/or package.json, tsconfig.json?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
IDEA doesn't provide any support for Yarn workspaces; if you miss it, please follow WEB-29250 and linked tickets for updates.
You can try adding path mappings to your tsconfig.json - see https://intellij-support.jetbrains.com/hc/en-us/community/posts/207656825/comments/115000529564
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
https://github.com/Izhaki/mono.ts

It uses yarn workspaces and marry well with VSCode. I hope the README is clear enough.

Basically, use two (parallel) typescript configuration trees:


Pre-build - uses aliases (for VSCode, tests, webpack, etc).
Build - uses typescript 3 project references for publishing essentially.

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Upodate as of 2018.1.1 IntelliJ now supports yarn workspaces so if you use this there should not be a problem.

https://blog.jetbrains.com/webstorm/2018/04/webstorm-2018-1-1/
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    

Please share your experience with yarn workspaces / monorepo (e.g. lerna) and how you develop the code living in these monorepos.
Which IDE do you use?

Since you are asking. I basically ran into the same issues as you did. One solution I was looking into was disable hoisting node modules as described here. Unfortunately it seems it is not yet in the stable release.
What I ended up was ditiching workspaces for now until they fix either the IDE or release the nohoist option. Instead I am using lerna for now. It is less convenient but it does not hoist so that both the build tools and the IDE are satisfied.
Oh, I am also using IntelliJ (ultimate)
    
    
Title: Develop for PlayStation 3 Linux
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm interested in developing software for Sony PlayStation 3 consoles which contains a multi-core Cell processor, targeting any PS3-compatible Linux distribution.


  "A single PS3 performs better than the highest-end desktops available and compares to as many as 25 nodes of an IBM Blue Gene supercomputer." ~ PlayStation3 Gravity Grid


Most importantly:


CPU - Any Linux OS has access to 6 of the 7 Synergistic Processing Elements
GPU - Sony implements a hypervisor restricting access to the RSX
Parallel - IBM provides an introduction to programming parallel applications on the PS3


So to get started:


Install Linux on the PS3:


For YDL Linux - installation guide here
For Fedora 8 - installation guide here and here.
For Ubuntu 8 - compiling and installation guide here.
For OpenSUSE- any guides?
For Debian - any guides?

Get an IDE with a compiler suitable for that Linux. ..(help!)


C++ IDE: KDevelop, Eclipse CDT, Code::Blocks
GCC 4.3 with Binutils 4.1
IBM XL for the Cell - available as part of IBM's Cell SDK
OpenMPI for PowerPC Linux ..(what?)


    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You may want to try Offload C++ from Codeplay Software. It provides an extended dialect of C++ easing development of software on multicore hardware like the Cell processor. 

A cross compiler toolchain allows compilation of code for the PS3 on Windows, which can be useful given the resource constraints (e.g. system memory) on a PS3 console running Linux, which can impact compile times and make the use of a PS3 as a desktop awkward. 

Versions of the Offload C++ compiler and tools are available targeting the PS3 GameOS and Linux on Cell with the Cell BE SDK. The Cell Linux version integrates with the Eclipse CDT for an IDE.

Disclaimer: I am a developer at Codeplay.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You might also try Ubuntu 8.10 (Intrepid Ibex).  Their PS3 support is pretty good, and instructions for installation and a rough primer on compilation can be found here.  GCC 4.3 and binutils 4.18 include targets for the Cell PPU (a generic PowerPC target) and SPUs, and there are packages available in the Ubuntu repositories (e.g. spu-gcc, spu-g++, spu-binutils, ppu-gdb, spu-newlib, etc) which will compile binaries for you.

As far as a proper IDE, the above utilities should integrate fine with about any IDE (i.e. KDevelop, Eclipse CDT, Code::Blocks), so long as you can find syntax highlighting files (available for most popular IDEs).  The Cell SDK is available as well, and could potentially provide better integration, and packages are available for RHEL 5.2 and Fedora 9 (should be able to use alien to pull these into Debian/Ubuntu, but not sure on that).

OpenMPI is a fine idea, they've been able to compile it for Cell-based blades (here) so I don't think it should be an issue.  You could also roll your own message passing, as low overhead is key in extracting good performance on the Cell (though I don't know how well-suited OpenMPI is for this, it could be great).
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Matthew Scarpino's book, Programming the Cell Processor, is pretty up to date and has a lot of good information. Also, the website for the book has a lot of example code available for download. 

There was also an MIT course on parallel programming via the Cell processor that has some good info, although some of it is out of date, namely, it uses the old cell mechanics where libspe provided its own threads. With the newest version of the library, you will need to get your threads from elsewhere (pthreads, boost, whatever) in order to run parallel programs. 

As for OS and compiler, I've been  using Yellow Dog Linux 6.1. YDL has worked out pretty well so far, much better than Fedora 9 anyway, although that is likely a result of the fact that YDL comes with a super-lightweight window manager and Fedora 9 doesn't. I had a few problems with networking, but those are most likely a product of the slightly bizarre network environment that I have the system set up in.

Once I had YDL up and running, I then installed the cell sdk fedora packages on top of (this takes a little bit of work, as the cellsdk install script falsely recognizes YDL as RHEL, not Fedora). YDL does have most of the SDK available in one of their package repos, but by default not much of it is installed, just the compilers (of course, I didn't figure this out until I had already hacked the IBM installer to do the right thing). I'm just using the basic IBM compilers (not the XL stuff).

There is also a ton of information scattered around the IBM site, but it can be a bit hard to make sense of. 
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Be mindful when running code on the SPEs of their special design -- the default stack size varies widely from compiler to compiler, and can cause all sorts of issues when you overflow.  It's usually a good practice to declare most data globally in SPE code, and avoid the stack except for very small variable allocations.  

Since there's no cache (or... its all L2 cache, in a sense), there's no real performance penalty to doing this, and you'll never run into problems like trying to DMA data to or from a memory address that is no longer valid, etc.

The IBM SPE compiler is generally considered the best, afaik, although I have never used it, personally.
    
    
Title: XCode Semicolon after Autocomplete
Description: 
    
    
                    
When using autocomplete to fill in method arguments, most of the time there should be a semicolon at the end.

It seems like there must be some keyboard shortcut to put in the semicolon (and maybe a newline) at the end but I can't find it!

Thanks.

edit: Maybe the question isn't clear, when finishing an autocomplete method the cursor looks like this:

someMethod(argument1, argument2 )
                               ^ cursor here


Maybe its just because I'm not used to the macbook keyboard, or because my muscle memory wants to use "end" rather than right-arrow or command right-arrow.  But since the IDE is already helping me jump around the code with tab it would be nice to be able to return and have the semicolon get added, or at least move to the right of the close paren.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
XCode supports (many) Emacs-style keyboard navigation commands.  In particular, you can use ctrl-e to jump the cursor to the end of the line, where you can then place the semicolon.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
One option you have in XCode 4 (tested on 4.5.2) is to bind (Preferences → Key Bindings) the "Fix Next Issue (Navigate Menu)" command to a sensible keystroke.

Note that it's locked as the control-toggled-alternate of the "Jump to Next Issue ("Navigate Menu)" command so you'll have to play with that to find something you like. Personally, I use ctrl+shift+enter for this bind.

printf("hello, world" ) =&gt; &lt;key binding&gt; =&gt; printf("hello, world");
                     ^                                             ^


You may also want to take a look at "Fix Previous Issue..." and "Fix All in Scope..." commands.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You can type a semicolon and press CTRL+T to transpose the two characters.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I know this behavior from eclipse. It autocompletes something then you just hit enter and then the curser is after autocopleted code and then you can type semicolon.

I just saw your question while searching something like that behavior and could not find really something, how can I achieve that.

It is really annoying to move your right hand on arrow keys while you are writing.
Not exactly what you are looking for but, helps:

From the preferences of xcode I set a shortcut for "Move to Right End of Line" shift+enter.
After auto completion just hit shift+enter, it is better then using arrow keys for me.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
If I understand you correctly, the right most answer would be that it should have made too much shortcuts to remember to autocomplete+semicolon, autocomplete+doubledot, autocomplete+parenthesis, etc. etc. while you can just autocomplete then hit a key (semicolon, doubledot, parenthesis, etc., etc.). If you really are ending most of you autocompletes with a semicolon you may then have a look at code completion macros and/or obdev completion dictionnary which includes custom macros.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I haven't seen such a shortcut. I usually just move my cursor manually; using option-right to jump to the end of the last word and then several right key presses to move by character.

A reason this isn't implemented may be because methods and functions are nested often, and that adding semicolons would void the nesting and then take more work to remove than manually adding them after each line.

Is this from a different SDK that you have used?
    
    
Title: NetBeans: PHP Syntax Checking
Description: 
    
    
                    
According to a poll here on StackOverflow, NetBeans is the best PHP IDE available. This is all fine and good, except for one thing: It appears to be terrible at checking syntax. I'm sure I must be doing something wrong?

I've previously used phpDesigner, which is a great program, but I've only got version 2007, and it doesn't support xDebug (I'd have to buy the new version if I wanted that). So I thought I'd try the much vaunted (and free) NetBeans.

But, as far as I can tell, it's syntax checking is horrible. For example: Note how the same file is handled by the two different IDEs.

First phpDesigner:



Pretty obvious where the problem is, right?

Then NetBeans:



Here there is nothing but a vague error message at the very bottom of the class, and  it's not even near the function causing the error(!).

So my question is: Is it possible to get better syntax checking in NetBeans? I'm presuming there must be a way, and I'm just being really dumb.

Additionally: If this is not possible in NetBeans, what other free IDEs are available that do have this level of syntax checking?

Thanks for any help.



Some people have suggested Eclipse as a replacement, so I thought I'd test it. 



It too correctly recognises the syntax error. (Makes me wonder if NetBeans is bugged.) I may just switch to Eclipse. Are there any other IDEs people think are worth trying?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Well it turns out that it's a bug in NetBeans. Here's the details of the bug:

http://netbeans.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=168350

Update: It's been fixed in NetBeans 7.0.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I don't now much about NetBeans but why don't you try Eclipse with PDT? It has better syntax checking as NetBeans. Using the example presented in your post Eclipse will display the same error message as PHPDesigner (and in the right place). Give it a try.
Personally, I use (and love) VIM as an IDE, but at work we have to work with Eclipse and I think it will suits your needs.
    
    
Title: IDE for ECMAScript-262 with in IDE execution / debugging for node.js/V8
Description: 
    
    
                    
I currently use Eclipse as my IDE for other languages and I'm rather used to not having to leave the IDE for anything - however I'm really struggling to find the same or a similar setup for pure ECMAScript-262.

To clarify, I am not looking for DOM support, jquery, HTML or anything like that, preferably just an IDE with ECMAScript-262 support (pref node.js) built in (debugging not important) so that I can simply run my code in the IDE.

Any ideas?

ps: please don't suggest aptana.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
jEdit is about what you want. Take a look at the plugins available.

So far, it seems there has only been talk about integrating node.js debugging with Google Chrome. But that may be exactly your answer if it happens.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
If you don't mind to pay a price, I advice Jetbrains WebStorm.

Recently purchased a license myself (it's not that expensive) and am very happy with it.
Before I used Eclipse and Aptana, but seriously, WebStorm IS quality.

Not sure if I am currently breaking a rule by linking to a commercial product, but it IS an awnser ;)
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
There is Nodeclipse effort.


  Vision
  
  One-stop shop for Node.js tools. We can't develop everything at once,
  but we let you know what are the best things around for Node.js
  development with Eclipse.


Latest version is 0.4, works well in Eclipse 4.3 Kepler.

It has integrated ChromeDevTools and V8 remote debugger for debugging Node.js application,
that is quite useful when learning Node.js to understand what is happening in memory.
Also comes with markdown (.md) Editor (The same markup language that is used on GitHub, Stackoverflow.com &amp; npm)

It is free open-source hosted on GitHub
    
    
Title: Eclipse IDE Scope Highlighting?
Description: 
    
    
                    
When I first learned Java, I was using an IDE called "BlueJ." It had this feature called "Scope Highlighting" which made it very easy to read blocks of code. Now I've moved on from BlueJ and began using Eclipse. I'm currently in the process of customizing Eclipse to my liking and would like this Scope Highlighting feature inside Eclipse.

I've searched everywhere for an answer on how to do it but I cannot find any information pointing to a solution for doing it in Eclipse.

Here's a picture to demonstrate what Scope Highlighting looks like:


    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I'm afriad that closest you can get is Shift + Alt + arrow_up

It is selecting wider block of code. pressing this few times will give you very similar result to what you are searching for. I use it often.. it is useful, also for refactoring.

EDIT: As @j2emanue said: you can just double click the delimiter (like a bracket) and it will highlight the entire scope.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I think the best option for you is EditBox, a scope highlighting plugin for Eclipse:
http://editbox.sourceforge.net/ 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
you can use Shift + Alt + arrow_up but many people dont realize you can just double click the delimiter (like a bracket) and it will highlight the entire scope. Try double clicking your if statements bracket for example and watch eclipse highlight the entire scope. It works with any delimiter. so you can use parenthesis as well. 

as a side note: if your using intelliji checkout this plugin works great:  https://github.com/izhangzhihao/intellij-rainbow-brackets#screenshots
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
This isn't exactly what you're after but you can put your cursor in a method and then click the Show Source Of Selected Element only button on the toolbar. Your editor gets reduced to just that method. Click again and your back to your entire file.

    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I doubt eclipse does have the same function as blue j.The best advise I can give you, is to change your theme to your liking which would enable you to easily select and highlight the block of code...and to customise your theme , go to http://eclipsecolorthemes.org/. ....

If you still have a problem, go to http://codejava.co.uk/contact.html and send your email.you can create a dummy one if want, then I will send you XML files I use for my eclipse themes.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
can Bracketeer do this ?  its an eclipse plug in ..

http://marketplace.eclipse.org/content/bracketeer-java-jdt#.UK6sY4fAdLc
    
    
Title: Aptana 3 - How remove trailing whitespaces on save
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm trying Aptana3 but I don't find an essential feature : 

Remove trailing whitespaces/empty lines on save.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Not possible with Aptana 3.1. See


http://jira.appcelerator.org/browse/APSTUD-814


But since Aptana is (was?) based on Eclipse, you can also try


How to auto-remove trailing whitespace in Eclipse?

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
This is now possible.

Preferences -
Answer 3: 

    
    
Works fine with this Eclipse plugin http://andrei.gmxhome.de/anyedit/
Tested with Aptana 3.0.7
    
    
Title: How to activate Instant Run in AndroidStudio 2.0
Description: 
    
    
                    
Android studio 2.0 introduced instant run facility, its not working for me,
I know 2.0 is in the preview channel

Anybody tried 2.0 with instarun facility?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Instant Run is enabled by default for projects built using Android Gradle Plugin 2.0.0, or later. To update an existing project with the latest version of the Gradle plugin, go to the Settings dialog:
On Mac, click Android Studio → Preferences
On Windows and Linux, click File → Settings

In the Settings/Preferences dialog, go to Build, Execution, Deployment → Instant Run. Click the Update Project link. When prompted, click OK.

If the the Update Project link does not appear, your project is already up to date.Using Instant Run

To first run your app, click Run ‘app’  (or Debug ‘app’ ). Android Studio will run your app by compiling, dexing, packaging and installing an .APK file, and launching the app. After your app has launched, a small, yellow thunderbolt will appear with the Run ‘app’  button (or Debug ‘app’  button). This indicates that the Instant Run feature is ready.

Clicking Run ‘app’ (or Debug ‘app’) again will start an Instant Run and your changes are pushed to the connected device within a few seconds.

To terminate the running app on your device, click Stop ‘app’ .
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Instant Run is enabled by default on newly created projects and it can be turned on for existing apps in the project settings at Build, Execution, Deployment -/p/div
Title: Eclipse - how to go to matching bracket?
Description: 
    
    
                    
How to go to matching bracket in Eclipse IDE (in Text, Java or JavaScript)? 

(match opening and closing brackets)

I naturally tried Ctrl+}, but it is not there.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can see the setting for this in Preferences &gt; General &gt; Keys and search for Go to Matching Bracket.

On my Mac it is Shift+Cmd+P (so probably  Shift+Ctrl+P on Windows/Linux).
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Try Ctrl + Shift + P . This may help you getting what you need.   
    
    
Title: What is the difference between a source folder and a (normal) folder
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm following this guide: Spring MVC and I realized that I do not know the difference between a source folder (src) and a plain folder. 

I'm using eclipse, so maybe the difference is only useful in an IDE?

Also, I've noticed that java classes tend to go in src folders; whilst every other file goes into a plain folder (or the project root folder).

So, What is the significance of the source folder (src)? Why use a source folder over a plain folder?

Thanks!
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
A source folder is marked by Eclipse as containing java sources. Then, when you compile your project Eclipse will look for your source code into all your source folders.

You can make any folder become a source folder adding it to the java build path. Thus, next time you compile your project Eclipse will also look for java classes in that folder.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
The source folder contains your source code in relation to the project's build path.  In the below Spring Boot project com.example.demo is in the classpath, indicated by package icon (and the .classpath file in the project's root, found outside of eclipse in the project's root folder).  The path src/main/java/ is where this package is in relation to the root of the project. 



You can remove a source folder (eg src/test/java/) from the build path by right-clicking on the folder Build Path code/code
