Title: where is the threads window in vs2008
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm trying to find the threads window in VS 2008 described here and here, but I can't find it anywhere. I've looked in View and don't see anything remotely like this. This seems very useful. Thanks for any help
EDIT: yes i am debugging
EDIT: thanks, I found it!
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You are debugging, right? It doesn't show up otherwise. Also, it may be docked along with some other window, so check that it's not embedded in a tab somewhere. And the menu is Debug-
Title: Android studio does not resolve classes written in Kotlin (.kt) in the IDE but compiles fine
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm starting to work on an existing project which uses standard java and partially Kotlin for some classes.

PROBLEM: 

The projects compiles and runs fine, but when viewing the code in Android Studio, the classes written in kotlin show unresolved in the ide.



UserConfigActivity.kt (Class written in Kotlin)

class UserConfigActivity : AppCompatActivity() {

    override fun onCreate(savedInstanceState: Bundle?) {
        super.onCreate(savedInstanceState)
        setContentView(R.layout.activity_user_config)
        setSupportActionBar(toolbar)




Unresolved when referenced/used in standard java class (although compiles and runs fine):





When opening the .kt files directly in android studio it prompts that a plugin is found as follows:



But when i click on Install Plugins, nothing happens (no install or change in situation). Prompt reappears next time i open another .kt file.



QUESTIONS:


How to resolve the Cannot resolve symbol for classes written in Kotlin?
How to install the plugin which is offered in prompt but does not install when clicking Install Plugins?


I'm on Android Studio 2.1.1.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
To install the Kotlin plugin, open the Settings dialog, select the "Plugins" node, press the "Install JetBrains plugin" button and select "Kotlin" from the list. Then restart the IDE.
    
    
Title: Android Studio Project Encoding Default Value
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm using Android Studio 1.2, when I create a project, then I open the File Encodings setting window via File -
Answer 1: 

    
    
Please have a try, it works for me.
File -
Answer 2: 

    
    
Go through File -
Title: Heap Space Issue outside Netbeans IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
EDIT: I ended up doing a combo of both suggested answers, and thus answered my own question, it is the accepted one below, hopefully this helps others in the future!

I'm running 32 bit Java 1.8.0_40 on Windows 7. 

I have created a program in Netbeans 8.0 and adjusted the VM Options to be -Xms512m -Xmx2048m.

The program runs quite well inside the Netbeans IDE environment, however upon trying to run the program outside of Netbeans I encounter a heap space out of memory error. 

EDIT: I am launching the program via the .jar file that Netbeans creates for the project upon compilation.

I have gone to the Java control panel and applied the same "-Xms512m -Xmx2048m" information to the Runtime Parameters. I am still encountering the heap space out of memory error. 

Any suggestions? Where can I go from here? Have I missed a step in making sure there is enough memory in the Runtime Environment outside of Netbeans?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The VM options you use in netbeans can also be used on the command line i.e

java -Xms512m -Xmx2048m  -jar yourprg.jar


There are more JVM options available.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Since you are building an independent JAR file, it looks like there is not a clean way to include such options inside your JAR (some people have asked about it here and here without a definitive answer).  When in your case, my solution is usually to give away a little shell script with the proper -Xms and -Xmx arguments, along with my JAR file.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I did a combination of the two answers. It ended up being that I had to use a fully qualified name enclosed in quotations to execute the command and since others will be using this program I was able to create a .bat file to do so. 
The final .bat file ended up looking like this:

java -Xms512m -Xmx2048m -jar "T:\Netbeans Projects\DataLoader\dist\DataLoader.jar"


Thank you to both Jorge_B and Sanj for your help! Hopefully this will help other in the future!
    
    
Title: Can I have remote ssh terminal access in PhpStorm?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I develop locally using PhpStorm, Git and VirtualBox on my local machine. I use Git to handle the process of moving work to staging or production environments. Currently I'm using MobaXterm (an excellent free tabbed ssh client for windows) to have terminal access to do things on staging and production servers.  PhpStorm has a local terminal built in, but how would I use it to have multiple ssh terminal access? (This way I can have local, remote staging, and remote production terminal access all from within my IDE)
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Figured it out!

On a fresh copy, PhpStorm will have Tools &gt; Terminal to bring up the local terminal. To have additional ssh terminal access, this is what I did...


Setup servers



1.1) File 
Answer 2: 

    
    
PhpStorm has a plugin called "SSH Remote Run".



See also the built-in terminal.
    
    
Title: How does one delete a project in webstorm.
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have tried the the following https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/help/safe-delete.html?search=dele but the safe delete options does not get enabled on the ide. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
please try the following:


in WebStorm, close the project
delete it from Recent projects list (in Welcome screen, focus the
project and hit Delete)       
shut down WebStorm     
delete the project folder completely from your disk

    
    
Title: Rebol runtime window control create and update
Description: 
    
    
                    
In the video : REBOL VID demonstration - Nenad Rakocevic demonstrates what seems the basic code to compose a Rebol IDE at runtime.

Can someone provide a working Rebol example on how to create, update / modify  faces (widget / control) within a View (window) at runtime.

So far the examples I found allow creating faces into a new window rather than update an existing one.

Thanks
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The secret is to use "show" after changing what you want to change. And experiment a lot. There are nice scripts on rebol.org that use VID.

If you meant the interactive nature of the demo, that is (23.34) only 30 lines of 'cod'. I have tried to find that 'cod' but could not find it.

Good luck!

Arnold
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Terse example on how to update a face :

rebol[]

view layout [
    bx: box teal
    btn "ShowTime" [
        bx/text: now/time
        bx/color: random white
        show bx
    ]
]

    
    
Title: How should I be creating strings in AndroidStudio / intellijidea?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm writing my layouts and every time i type in a @string/new it just warns me that the string reference does not exist, but doesn't show any helper to create it.  I have to go to my strings.xml and type in the xml tag for the new string.

The demos show that Android Studio even replaces the code to get strings with the actual strings, but the demo never shows a string being created from zero.

I know that when I'm in the visual editor I can create a new string element on the screen I get if I click the "..." button for the text property, but how do I get this functionality from the textual view of a layout?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I haven't used the new Android Studio extension, as it doesn't appear to be stable enough for production use yet, but in plain old IntelliJ IDEA 12, if you use Alt-Enter on the red R.string.foo reference, the intention menu has "Create string resource" as an item. Selecting that intention brings up the dialog to add the string. From the dialog you can type in the string and select which resource filters to use (i.e. which strings.xml to add it to).
    
    
Title: Configurations from External Projects in Visual Studio 2012
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am having a problem with Visual Studio 2012, and I am hoping there is a solution to this. I have in my solution 2 projects:  1 project is an ".exe" project, and the other is a ".lib" project.  I have added the lib project as a reference in the exe project, and I have ensured that it is scheduled to be compiled first.  The lib project has a bunch of additional include directories and a bunch of additional dependencies and linked libraries.  The lib project compiles fine.  However, none of the additional include directories or additional library directories or dependencies are being inherited by the exe application.  I was able to resolve this by copying the configurations to the exe project, but that means that if I ever update the lib dependencies, then I need to update it in every project that uses this library (I play to use this library for multiple projects).  This seems like something that there should be a solution for, but I just can't seem to find it.  Has anyone figured out a way to have projects  inherit the configurations of referenced projects, or is there no way around this?  Thanks.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You're right, projects don't inherit the properties of other projects they reference.  To solve your problem what you need is a property sheet. A property sheet is a collection of Properties (like you set in your Project Properties) separate from a project.  You can apply a single property sheet to many projects.

In your case, the "additional library dependencies" and "additional include directories" will be placed into a property sheet.  That property sheet will be applied to both your .exe project and your .lib project. When you make changes, you will make them to the property sheet and both projects will see the changes.

Let's go step-by-step through setting up a property sheet to do what you want.


Load your solution file with your .exe and .lib projects. Let's suppose the name of your library is PowerMath.lib and your main executable is SuperCalc.exe.
Find the Solution Explorer window in Visual Studio.  This is the sub-window that lists all your projects, and the files inside those projects.  (If you don't have one, click on the View menu and choose the Solution Explorer option to create one.)
First, let's take the settings out of the Project Properties where you have them set now.  Go to the project properties for the PowerMath.lib project (right-click on that project in the Solution Explorer and choose Properties from the context menu).  Find your "additional library dependencies" and "additional include directories" settings that you made, and delete them. (Only delete your changes, not whatever was there before.)  (Also, write your stuff down or copy it somewhere -- it's going to come back in step 10.) When you are done with the PowerMath.lib project, repeat the process with the SuperCalc.exe project.  Rip it all out so it doesn't interfere with the new approach we're going to take.  Be sure you've done this for all configurations of your projects (Debug and Release, Win32 and x64).
Down at the bottom of the Solution Explorer window you will see several tabs, including:  Solution Explorer, Class View, and Property Manager. These may be abbreviated if the window is small.  Click on Property Manager.
In the Property Manager you'll see two entries: the PowerMath and SuperCalc project names.  Right-click on the PowerMath.lib project, and choose the menu option Add New Property Sheet.
Choose a good Name that refers to your library.  I would suggest PowerMath-settings.props. Then click Add to create the property sheet, and automatically attach it to the PowerMath .lib project.
Back in the Property Manager pane, you see that PowerMath has two elements underneath it: Debug and Release.  These are the two configurations of your library.  If you "open them up" by clicking on them with the mouse, you'll see that the PowerMath-settings property sheet has been attached to both configurations.
The PowerMath-settings property sheet is listed above a bunch of other property sheets that were already present, which have names like Core Windows Libraries and Unicode Support.  All of the settings in any configuration of your projects come from combining these property sheets! That's how properties work inside Visual Studio -- putting together all the project's property sheets, in order with the first one at the bottom.
Double-click on the PowerMath-settings property sheet in the list.  This will take you to the familiar Project Properties interface.  Changes made here don't apply to a project or a particular configuration inside that project.  Instead, you're writing the settings only for the property sheet PowerMath-settings.props.
Now you get to write your additional library dependencies and additional include directories.  Go to the dialog boxes where you expect to set those things.  In the appropriate fields, click the little down arrow at the right side of the field and pick Edit....
In the edit box you will see a blank space where you can write your new settings.  (You'll also see the "inherited values", which are the settings that came from other property sheets.)  Add your stuff and then click OK.
When you're done, you'll have a property sheet called PowerMath-settings.props that stores the settings needed for all users of the PowerMath.lib library.
Now go back to the Property Manager window.  Right-click on the SuperCalc project instead (this is your .exe).  Choose the menu option Add Existing Property Sheet.  Find PowerMath-settings.props and select it.
Boom, now SuperCalc.exe gets all the settings you just created for PowerMath.lib.
To verify this, switch back from Property Manager to Solution Explorer (by clicking the Solution Explorer tab along the bottom of the sub-window). Go to Project Properties for your SuperCalc.exe project.  Go to "additional include directories".  Click on the down-arrow at the left side of that field and pick Edit....  You will see that your property sheet settings are listed as "inherited values".
Sometimes the settings for a brand-new property sheet are not applied until you quit Visual Studio, re-start, and re-load the solution.  Remember to click YES when it asks whether you want to save your project changes and new property sheets!  Once it's all set up you shouldn't need to do this again.


Now any time you have a new project that uses PowerMath.lib, just go to the Property Manager and Add Existing Property Sheet: PowerMath-settings.props.

Remember that all changes made to the properties in the property sheet have to be made via the Property Manager dialog boxes, not using the PowerMath.lib Project Properties!  Project Properties is a kind of "override" property sheet that only applies to one specific project.  It stands above all the property sheets listed by the Property Manager.
    
    
Title: Are there parsers which parse while you type?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Context:

When I learned about parsers, the process of compiling code (say, C++) was explained like this:


Write code in a file and save it.
Put the file in a compiler.
The compiler first parses the code into an abstract syntax tree,
then generates machine code.
Run the code to test it.
Repeat.


Bret Victor wanted a kind of programming environment that evaluates the code as you type. ( http://worrydream.com/#!/InventingOnPrinciple )

I guess he wasn't the first, that there might be some conceptual problems for translating that concept to general purpose programming beyond 2D game programming, and I know that there are some systems that already do something similar: E.g. preadsheets (like Excel), Smalltalk.

That's not what I want to discuss.



Question: (kind of broad, sorry - the main question is in bold)

How could parsing text while editing work?
I had the idea, that whenever the editor sends an event indicating that some portion of text is changed, only a portion of the AST gets reevaluated and values that are affected by this portion of the AST also get reevaluated.

I thought about writing a parser generator that takes a grammar like usual, but produces a parser that processes incremental changes to a text, instead of a whole text.

1.  Is this a reasonable concept? (For whatever obscure programming language/environment. Something "functional reactive" maybe. Or simply html.)

(2.)  Is it maybe even used yet?

(3.)  Is parsing the whole file fast enough to make the complicated approach unnecessary?

(4.)  Do syntax highlighter or type-checker in IDEs such as Eclipse work like this? How do they work instead? I think they aren't as powerful as compiler-parsers to make them work fast enough, is that right?

(5.)  Here in Stackoverflow there is a live preview of the styled text. Does it parse the whole question after every keystroke? Does it have some limitations that "my" concept would solve?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
tab-completion (or "intellisense") requires something very similar to a parse in order to figure out what reasonable completions/follows might be. You probably have some experience with that in some IDE. If so, you will also have noticed some of its limitations.

Systems like SO's preview feature periodically parse the input, but not necessarily on every keystroke. You might notice that syntax highlighting lags a bit, particularly when the buffer is full. A typical strategy is to have a single process which repeatedly reparses until the input hasn't changed during the parse, and then waits for the next change.

Text editors like vim and emacs do reparse on every keystroke but they optimize by caching context at line endings (usually), so that the reparse is only on a few characters. (Of course, they don't do a full parse, so its even easier.)

There has been some research into incremental parsing and in-place editing of abstract syntax trees, but it turns to be quite tricky. One parsing strategy which lends itself naturally to this style is "packrat parsing" (an extensive bibliography is available here).

C++ is notoriously difficult to parse correctly. Indeed, it's non-trivial to figure out whether a given &lt; is a template-bracket or a less-than sign; in general, you can't do that without reading all header files, and in some cases you can't figure it out without instantiating templates; that's far too much work to do interactively. Many other languages are easier to parse, and the simple solution of reparsing periodically will be fast enough for all practical purposes.

Hope that hits most of your questions.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
This is absolutely an interesting question. I use a parser somewhat similar to what you describe in my GoWorks demonstration IDE. Here is a video which shows the parser in action (starts at the 5 minute mark):

Intro to Tunnel Vision Labs' GoWorks IDE (Preview Release 7)

The parser doesn't parse the entire file every time because the necessary parse information can be derived from only a subset of the input. Parsing more than this has several drawbacks, including the following major items.


If you parse unnecessary parts of the file, and those parts contain syntax errors (common case when the user is actively editing), the parser may not be able to accurately recover from the error.
Parsing more information than necessary, even when fast enough to appear "smooth" to the user, has a major impact on battery life for users on the go.


To my knowledge, our latest IDEs are the only ones actively using the particular style of parser they use (which is a very specific subset of what you describe designed for use in IDEs) as a general approach for multiple languages.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
It is mostly done in one of two ways:


Use a much simpler raw parser that just contains enough information to colour. Fast enough because it is simple, might trip over complex language features.
Put position info in the AST, and just fix the tree. If you keep some history, you can avoid marking everything after the current mistake as wrong. 


Smalltalk of course parses just a method at a time. That makes the solution faster and simpler, there is simply less to interpret wrongly. Reparsing while typing can be limited. As long as an identifier is not recognized, reparsing the part after it doesn't make much sense. 

A long time ago there was the think pascal compiler for the mac (and also a c one) that had this working very well. 
    
    
Title: Switch from Turbo C++(old) to newer similar compiler
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have been using Turbo C++ for 1 year now, thing is... i know it's extremely old, but now i have got used to it's syntax.Can you suggest a (better) IDE which doesn't show any error with turbo C++ code?
 I have tried visual C++ and codeblocks, and even tried (really wildly) an eclipse CDK pack. But, all of them show errors to a normal programme like:
 #include&lt;iostream.h&gt;
 void main()
{cout&lt;&lt;"hello";}
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The problem with Turbo C++ being so old is that it is much less conformant than modern compilers. Ages ago C++ compilers all varied wildly; supporting different features, different syntaxes, and had severe bugs in their C++ implementations. Back then writing portable C++ was difficult. Things have vastly improved over the last 15 years as compilers matured with got better and better about implementing the common C++ standard.

So probably the major benefit of modern compilers is that they are more conformant; that they don't support the same wrong dialect of C++ that Turbo C++ supported.

Instead of asking for a modern C++ compiler that doesn't have the major feature that makes modern compilers desirable, you should simply figure out the areas of Turbo C++'s dialect which are not correct. This is probably a good exercise anyway; C++ programmers learn a fair bit of C++ from their compiler, and so when the compiler is wrong they learn wrong things. Using different compilers helps ferret out such misunderstandings and improves one's knowledge of C++. It shouldn't be too hard to make the adjustments.

So here's what's wrong with the simple program you posted as far as the authoritative ISO specification for C++: Standard C++ headers don't have '.h' suffixes on them, so instead of #include &lt;iostream.h&gt; you must use #include &lt;iostream&gt;. These standard headers put things in namespaces, so in order to access cout you have to access it inside the std namespace: instead of cout&lt;&lt;"hello"; you should write std::cout &lt;&lt; "Hello\n";. Finally main is required to return int rather than void, so your whole program might look like:

#include&lt;iostream&gt;

int main() {
    std::cout &lt;&lt; "Hello\n";
}

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
It doesn't matter if you've got used to that syntax or not. If you want to write C++ code, you have to use C++ syntax. Just like you can't suddenly drive on the left side of the road in Germany just because you got used to that side in England. If you want to drive in Germany, you have to follow the rules. If you don't, you gonna crash.

Using a modern C++ compiler means you have to write standards-conforming C++ code.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
That's actually not a normal C++ program.

main always returns int and &lt;iostream.h&gt; has been technically unavailable for years (in favor of &lt;iostream&gt;, although many compilers supported  for some length of time).

Instead of trying to find a GUI that accepts your existing code, I would try to get a book and learn/review a more recent C++ (at least C++03) and then use a modern compiler (g++ or the free Visual Studio one) to build your standard code.
    
    
Title: Scala debugging under IntelliJ is horribly slow
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm currently tracing through a relatively small Scala program (Apache's Kafka) with IntelliJ 10.5.4, while at the same time running several other Java applications in another project.  While the Java applications are doing just fine, the Scala debugging is horribly slow, a simple "Make Project" will take easily 2 minutes, and even basic cursor keystrokes take up to a second each to reflect on the screen. 

I've used IntelliJ before with as many as 6 applications running at the same time, under multiple projects, and it doesn't have any problems at all.  Hardware isn't an issue either, this is all running on a very recent Macbook Pro (256GB SSD, 8Gb RAM, quad-core i7), under Java 1.6.0_31.

Are there any tips/tricks to making Scala perform decently while debugging under IntelliJ?  Alternatively, what are people out there using for Scala debugging?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
tl;dr

re: compile times, do you have FSC enabled? This dramatically helps Scala compile times.

re: overall slowness, you probably need to tweak your JVM settings. Scala can be more memory intensive, so you may have to increase your -Xmx value to spend less time garbage collecting. Or lower it, if it's too dramatically high. Or change the garbage collector. For reference, here are mine:

&lt;key&gt;VMOptions&lt;/key&gt;
&lt;string&gt;-ea -Xverify:none -Xbootclasspath/a:../lib/boot.jar -XX:+UseConcMarkSweepGC &lt;/string&gt;
&lt;key&gt;VMOptions.i386&lt;/key&gt;
&lt;string&gt;-Xms128m -Xmx512m -XX:MaxPermSize=250m -XX:ReservedCodeCacheSize=64m&lt;/string&gt;
&lt;key&gt;VMOptions.x86_64&lt;/key&gt;
&lt;string&gt;-Xms128m -Xmx800m -XX:MaxPermSize=350m -XX:ReservedCodeCacheSize=64m -XX:+UseCompressedOops&lt;/string&gt;


Actually figuring it out

You will probably have to do some profiling to find out what the performance problem actually is. The simplest thing to start with would be to open Activity Monitor to see if memory is low, CPU utilization is high, or disk activity is high. This will at least give you a clue as to what's going on. You have an SSD, so disk I/O is probably not a problem.

You may need to profile IDEA itself, such as running it with YourKit Java Profiler. This could tell you something interesting, such as if IDEA is spending an excessive amount of time garbage collecting.

In general, though, Scala seems a bit more memory intensive than Java on IntelliJ. It's possible that you have -Xmx set too low, causing excessive garbage collections. Or maybe it's set too high, so that when it does garbage collect, you get a pauses in the app. Changing which collector your using may help with that, but with all the collectors there's a point of diminishing returns where setting -Xmx too high causes performance problems.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Try latest Idea 11 EAP with latest Scala plugin. It works for me fine.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I found out that I accidentally put breakpoint in one of the List's methods. It made intellij super slow while debugging scala project but when I canceled the breakpoint intellij became normal again. 

The list of breakpoints can be found by clicking ctrl+shift+F8.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Eclipse with http://scala-ide.org/download/current.html is working very well for me as of 2.0.1.

My stuff is maven based at the moment and the projects are combined Java and Scala.  I can debug across language boundaries without problems.
    
    
Title: How can I get Visual Studio&#39;s &ldquo;Create method stub&rdquo; or &ldquo;Declare method&rdquo; refactoring in Delphi?
Description: 
    
    
                    
When I code in Delphi XE and need a new procedure/function in another unit (for example on a datamodule) then I miss the Visual Studio feature where I can just type the new method name and use the "Create method stub" feature:



or using CodeRush the "Declare method" refactoring:



I prefer this TDD style development as it is faster than first switching to the data module for example, navigating to the interface section and creating the procedure/function myself there.

Do anybody know how I can achieve that in Delphi XE using plugins/add-ins etc.? 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Model Maker Code Explorer is what you need. I use this all the time - various ways to trigger it, but it will take the parameters that you have in your code and work out what they should be, then create the template code. You can also define all sorts extra, but MMX is the business for this sort of thing.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
RAD Studio is not Visual Studio. AFAICT, RAD Studio does not have such a feature. The only thing that comes close is class completion, but then you'll have to declare the method in the interface first. There is something like it for variables, but not for methods.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
May be you can take a look at castalia 
    
    
Title: Is there a tool to automatically extract common subroutines from files?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have two 1000+ line programs in Perl, each with about 20 subroutines in the main file. One was forked from the other some time ago and I want to factor out the common parts (before porting features backward.) Is there a diff tool that will treat the subroutines (and preceding comments) as units, and extract the common units into a new file? (if one line of a subroutine is different, the unit doesn’t match.)

My SCM is currently Subversion if that helps.  A Perl script that processes the code would be cool.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can try to use the PPI module; to my knowledge there's no tool for refactoring as the one you mentioned.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
If you had 500,000 lines of code it might be useful to have or write such a tool.  For 1000 lines, this shouldn't be too hard with a simple visual diff tool, like BeyondCompare ($) or WinMerge (free).
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You're trying to compare two different versions of the files?

I use VIM which comes with a built in diff program vimdiff and a fully gui one called gvimdiff. It'll fold common lines and just show you the lines that differ and where.

With gvim, you can open up three splits in one window (the two versions and a blank) and then copy over the various lines you want. If you're using Subversion, you can use the built in merge tool (if you're talking about different versions of the same file). The Subversion merge is pretty good and will probably help you with the merge issues.
    
    
Title: Visual Studio 2010: Use hardware graphics acceleration if available
Description: 
    
    
                    
My Via/S3G UniChrome Pro IGP does not support hardware acceleration in Visual Studio 2010. What kind of graphic cards (i.e. the specific features) do support this hardware acceleration?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
On XP, with VS2010 SP1 you need to override a setting to get HW acceleration.  See here for details: http://blogs.msdn.com/b/jasonz/archive/2011/03/03/performance-troubleshooting-article-and-vs2010-sp1-change.aspx

Beyond that, VS2010 is subject to the requirements of WPF HW acceleration.  For those, see the table on this page which explains what WPF needs to have a system considered "Tier 1" or "Tier 2" - there are multiple factors.  http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/system.windows.media.rendercapability.tier.aspx
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
According to the VS.Net 2010 site, you need a "DirectX 9 capable video card running at 1024 x 768 or higher-resolution display".

There does seems to be a general lack of information as to exactly what cards will give you the accelerated functionality, tho'.
    
    
Title: Open declaration feature in VI
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm a vi user for coding in Python. I love it: powerful, lowlevel, minimal gui without useless buttons, etc.

Now I'm approaching C++ with an opensource project that&mdash;as usual happened in opensource project&mdash;has poor documentation and sometimes (well, a lot of times) I have to open declaration and implementation and see what a particular function does.

In Eclipse this is really easy to do due to the Open Declaration (shortcut F3) feature. But I don't like the CDT plugin for Eclipse. I have a makefile project and it indicates some error in importing external .cpp files inside this opensource framework that requires a custom structure for directory and build path (and it's annoying to create a project every time in Eclipse for this custom structure).

I wish to have the same feature in vi. Do you know of anything?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Vim doesn't offer a feature like that by itself. A rudimentary way would be to use gd in command mode. If you want more sophisticated support, take a look at ctags and cscope. Those tools offer which you ask for and integrate nicely into Vim. A quick google search brought me to this link, which explains how to use cscope within Vim. Using ctags quite as easy: generate the ctags database/tags file and use Ctrl+] on an identifier to jump to its declaration. See :help ctags for more information.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
One option: Use QT Creator with FakeVim mode enabled. You can follow declarations with F2.
    
    
Title: What to select next, for building Desktop-application?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have been reading Groovy, and I'm half way down. I started to love groovy a lot, and apply it to solve some simple real world problem; As I love building web applications, i would go for reading Grails webframework as I know Groovy.

But If I want to build desktop-applications, which framework will be the good choice? I wanted to create a simple IDE for Groovy language(or say for any language), that can do syntax highlighting and other kind of stuffs.As mentioned earlier, I love Groovy a lot when compared to Java; And Griffon is a framework that is built on Groovy, mainly for creating Desktop-appplications. But I didn't find enough resources for Griffon!

Is Griffon is the good framework for those people who know and love Groovy(as I do)? Can I choose it for building a simple IDE as mentioned above? Or there are any other framework that is built on Groovy, which is good when compare to Griffon?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The problem I have found with Griffon is that a number of the plugins are a bit out of date in that they aren't using the latest UI libraries (e.g. Flamingo, Substance, and SwingXBuilder, altho I think this has just been upgraded to use SwingX 1.6).

I am using SwingBuilder directly, with a few extensions I have added via my own builder implementation:

http://code.google.com/p/ousia

If you want to build an IDE I can recommend the RSyntaxTextArea component, as it has great support for many programming languages and is pretty simple to use:

http://fifesoft.com/rsyntaxtextarea/
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Griffon is a fairly good MVC based framework, and is built on top of Java Swing. So it can do anything that Swing can do.

To be honest I found Griffon a little too much for relatively simple UIs, so I usually write my apps in Groovy using SwingBuilder directly.

If you really want to get into Griffon I recommend getting the Book 
Griffon in Action It seems to be the only place where everything is documented, although the web page is coming along and improving all the time.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
There are definitely various resources out there that will let you learn more about Griffon, for example the Griffon Guide -a href="http://dist.codehaus.org/griffon/guide/index.html" rel="nofollow"/a/ppa href="http://www.manning.com/almiray/" rel="nofollow"/a/ppa href="http://twitter.com/theaviary" rel="nofollow"/a/p/div
Title: Delphi IDE locks because of a hidden modal window
Description: 
    
    
                    
Has someone else experienced something like this with Delphi and if so is there a known workaround!

I'm using the Delphi 2010 Rad Studio on Windows 7 64 bit. 

A few times when editing the IDE hangs and I can't do any action either by keyboard or mouse. But there is a error-beep sound from windows like there is a modal window open somewhere, but hidden behind the ide it self.

Only by ending the ide via Task manager can I make this hidden modal window visible.


    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I have the same problem with older versions of Delphi like D6.  

My solution is use another tool like WinExp –Windows Explorer– or WinResQ to explore the existing active windows on system and reactivate it (BringToTop).   

With this solution I get the Delphi IDE on Top and appears the window that cause the lock.   This is the only option I have worked for me. 

Regards.


    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I see this often with various other dialogs as well.   

Pressing "Alt-Tab" and reselecting Delphi you will cause the dialog to appear in the front again.

Note: This happens with other versions of Delphi as well.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Alt+Tab works, but you have to select another application, then Alt+Tab to return to Delphi, and then the dialog will show in front.
    
    
Title: Python IDE that you can highlight a method/class and jump to its definition
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm trying to use textmate, but I find it hard to navigate a project with it.

I admit I probably just don't know the the IDE well enough.

Is it possible to highlight a class or method and jump to its definition?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I am not sure that I understood you question, but if you look for an IDE for Python I would strongly recommand you have a look at PyDev

It's by far the most feature-rich IDE for Python and it has a really active development team. And did I mention it's free and open source? 
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Wing IDE is an excellent IDE for python.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I too have been looking for an IDE that makes this sort of thing easy.

About two hours ago I downloaded Pycharm and it has blown me away.  This may be the coolest IDE I have ever used, for any language.  So far it seems to do everything that big IDEs like VisualStudio or Eclipse do (for many languages), only without the learning curve or resource consumption of those monsters.

It does exactly what you are asking... just right-click on any class, or a method, or pretty much anything else, Select "Go to Implementation" (or Declaration), and up it pops in a new tab.

So many other amazing slick features too... just try it!

There's a 30 day trial and after that it's pretty reasonable (like $29 for academic, $100 for individual, and $200 for a commercial team.  Oh and FREE if you have a bona fide OpenSource project that's been actively worked on for at least 3 months.)

(I apologize if this sounds like an advertisement.  I can assure you that it's not.  I'm just kind of... obsessive... about IDEs, and very frustrated that so few of them meet my standards.  I will revise this if I find any "caveats" but so far, so good.)
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
If you're asking about IntelliJ IDEA, Python is only available for the commercial version.

If you're asking about a Python IDE, IDLE comes with Python already. I can also recommend Boa Constructor.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
WingIDE if you can fork out some cash will do what you want all bundled up and with little to no configuration effort.
Otherwise Eclipse with Aptana's pydev is free, and does exactly that, plus a lot more (ctrl+click pretty much anything for redirection and a lot of other useful things like pyc removal etc.).

Navigation problems though are usually symptomatic of more than just lack of tools. A decent structure to your projects and a version control system (even if you work locally and solo) would go a long way helping to address that.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I'm not sure about what functionality is available in textmate but would a simple search work? i.e. Ctrl+F with the query "def function" including the def part so you find the definition instead of a call?
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I'm a fan of pyscripter http://code.google.com/p/pyscripter/.  Has those features and more (and a regex checker!)

Open source of course.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
Aptana Studio 3.0

The PyDev team is now operating under the auspices of Aptana, which makes Aptana Studio 3 - an Eclipse customisation - preferable to the 2-step process of first downloading Eclipse, and then installing the PyDev extension.

Aptana comes pre-configured for Python (and others), and in addition features custom support for Django projects [including JavaScript support].

The product is fast and responsive, and features powerful meta-level functionality such as jumping to the definition of a callable, deducing object fields from init initialisation, module browsing, very good code completion, and more...

Thus far, out of Eclipse+PyDev, NetBeans Python Edition and Aptana Studio 3, based on relatively extensive personal testing, AS3 wins hands down.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
Here's a small Bundle/Command for TextMate that can accomplish Python Jump to definition for 99% of cases:

FUNC="$TM_CURRENT_WORD"
DIR="$TM_PROJECT_DIRECTORY"
OUTPUT=''

# Define the class or function definition string that we're looking for.
FUNCDEF='(def|class) '$FUNC

# Find all files that contain FUNCDEF
FILES=(`egrep "$FUNCDEF" $DIR/* -r -l --include=*.py`)

#
# Look for a function declaration within a files contents.
#
# &lt;file&gt;
#
function lookup_function {
    local line=`nl -b a "$1" | egrep "$FUNCDEF" | awk '{print $1}'`
    if [[ "$line" -gt 0 ]]; then
      # echo 'Jumping to --&gt; '$1':'$line
      mate "$1" -l "$line"
      exit 0
    fi
}

# Iterate files
for file in ${FILES[@]}; do
    echo $file
    lookup_function "$file"
done

# Nothing found
echo 'Function '${FUNC}' was not found within the current project.'

    
    
Title: programming from a usb stick, .net
Description: 
    
    
                    
I was wondering if there was a way I could program and compile .net applications (c#, asp.net mvc) from a usb stick on any laptop I plugged in.

I am lookinjg for a solution that does not have me installing programs on the laptop, so I have to be able to run an ide or editor from an exe and compile presumably from command line. 

Was also wondering if I can run MS test projects from command line to check tests passed etc.

Thanks
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Without having tested this myself, I have to say, I don't think you could run Visual Studio from a USB (i.e. install Visual Studio to the USB without installing any files on the PC).

But most likely, you could have your build tools on the USB and use a different editor that could run straight from the USB. I don't know of any that would be good enough to provide a replacement for Visual Studio but depending on what you're going for it might be an option.

A different approach would be to put a virtual machine on the USB drive and have Visual Studio installed in that virtual machine. Then simply plug the USB in, and launch the VM. Still, I'm not sure if you could have VMWare Player run off of a USB drive.. Maybe VirtualBox. In fact, there's this post to support that theory: How To Install VirtualBox in Your USB Drive. Once you get VirtualBox going from the USB drive, setting up a Windows virtual machine and installing Visual Studio and whatever other tools you use should be trivial. You could also enable File Sharing between the host and the VM and store your project files on the USB drive if you need to have access to them from outside the VM as well..

Good luck! and let us know if you find a different option..
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I haven't tried it myself, but you could check out the Mono live cd. This should allow you to install OpenSuse on your USB and access the Mono framework without touching the laptop...

Mono download page
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You could have Portable VirtualBox and a virtual machine on a USB stick. That would give you a complete development environment including a stable, known OS to work in.

I use VirtualBox for all of my client development, and it is an outstanding virtualization product. Give it a try.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
You could use SharpDevelop, see SharpDevelopOnAMemoryStick.

Also If you have at least the framework installed on the PC, csc.exe should be there in a directory like 

C:\WINDOWS\Microsoft.NET\Framework\v4.0.30319


And it could be used to build simple applications (you'll miss resgen.exe to be able to do anything serious)
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
You can compile from the command line provided the computer has the .NET Framework SDK, you can then use an editor like Scite to edit your code and automate the compilation.

Check this

http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/78f4aasd%28VS.80%29.aspx
    
    
Title: Intelligent file search for windows that can ignore whitespace and search in code?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Does anybody know a Windows based searching tool that is easy to use and is programmer 
friendly. 

The functions I am looking for:

Ignore white space in search

= capable to find

myTestFunction ( $parameter, $another_parameter, $yet_another_parameter )
{ doThis();


using the query

myTestFunction($parameter,$another_parameter,$yet_another_parameter){doThis();


without Regexes.

Search code "semantically" (for me, it would have to be PHP):


Search in comments only
Search in function names only
Search for parameters that are named $xyz
Search in (insert code construct here) only


If there is none around, it's high time somebody developed it! :)
I have opened a bounty for this.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    

  Search code "semantically" (for me, it would have to be PHP):


For this you could (and I think should) use some custom code using token_get_all()

See also the available tokens


  Ignore white space in search


A simple regex should be sufficient. It depends on your regex-library, but most come with a whitespace modifier/flag.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
See our SD Search Engine.  This is a language-sensitive search engine designed to search large code bases, with special language classifiers for C, C++, Java, C#, COBOL, JavaScript, Ada, Python, Ruby and lot of other languages, including your specific target langauge PHP (PHP4 and PHP5).

I think it does everything you requested.

It indexes the language elements so search across large code bases are extremely fast (Linux Kernal ~~ 7.5 Million lines --/pp/pp/pp/pprecode/code/prep/pprecode/code/prep/pprecode/code/prepem/emem/em/pp/p/div
Answer 3: 

    
    
I use ack really successfully for this kind of thing, particularly when trying to find things in large codebases. I run it linux myself but I don't see any reason why it won't run on windows or in Cygwin at the very least. Check it out, I think you'll find it is exactly what you're looking for.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
For my Windows desktop search, I use Agent Ransack. I use this as a replacement for the windows search.

You can use regular expressions, but there is a nice entry screen if you want to avoid entering them directly.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Take a look at Google Desktop API, it has very powerful set of methods to do what you're looking for.

Of course it requires you to have the Google Desktop installed.

After reviewing it a little, it provides some functionality but not that specific as what you require.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I really like Crimson Editor and it allows RegEx searches. It has helped me a bunch over the past six years. I think it will fit your needs. Try it.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I use TextPad for searching code files in Windows. It has a very handy find-in-files function (Search / Find In Files) and you can use regex which should meet any search requirements. In the search results it will list the file location, line number and a snippet from that line.
    
    
Title: add a new Color scheme to the Rad Studio
Description: 
    
    
                    
It's possible modify or change a color scheme (Color SpeedSetting) in the Rad-Studio?

There is an entry in the Windows Registry? or must edit some file?

Thanks in advance.



    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
It doesn't look easy at first glance.

I found the following under then HKCU path:

\HKCU\Software\CodeGear\ETM\12.0\Color

with the following sub-keys 


List item
Classic 
Default
Ocean
Twilight


Each key has what appear to be color constants but there doesn't appear to be enough constants to make it the right section.

The list of values under each key:


Auto_TranslatedItemColor
EditBackgroundColor
EditForegroundColor IsOEM
Non_editBackgroundColor
Non_editForegroundColor
SelectionBackgroundColor
SelectionForegroundColor
TranslatedItemColor
UntranslatedItemColor UnusedItemColor


That's all I've got, with out spending a lot more time from the looks of it.

It's probably stored in a BPL as a Opentools API object.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Take a look at OP's https://github.com/rruz/delphi-ide-theme-editor, it supplies thousands of themes. Yes, the OP makes one himself.

Thanks for the OP's awesome project.

Thanks for @Nicholas point out this for me.
    
    
Title: .NET developer moving to ubuntu for development
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've been developing in .NET now for about 3 years. I love the visual studio IDE and sadly I won't be able to use it anymore.

Could someone save me hours of searching the web and reading reviews, and suggest the 'standard' or most popular IDE/Text editor for linux that will get me up and running quickly?

My main goals here are web development backed with Python.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Consider Wing IDE -- IMHO the best commercial IDE for Python, it does support Django if that's what you want (as, apparently, do 80% of Python-based websites; personally, I prefer werkzeug and the like, but maybe that's partly because my "web apps" tend to be more like "web services", with most all the UI/views parts done in HTML/CSS/Dojo;-).

Me, I use Vim (usually in the gvim incarnation) as my "Python IDE" (and I've seen Emacs-using colleagues do at-least-equivalent wizardry, but I just can't get used to Emacs myself!-)... but I have to admit that a Wing IDE expect, particularly if faced with a thorny debug scenario, can do circles around me (and even around the Emacsers).  ((So why haven't I made the effort to switch? Maybe because, thanks to fanatical testing, I now face thorny debug scenarios too rarely to make me an expert in any new tool!-))  ((Or maybe because my fingers, having learned vi 30+ years ago, would HATE me if I switched to ANYTHING else;-)).
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
See this question about Python IDEs.

I use Eclipse + PyDev.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
First off, if you want to do web with Python, the Django framework seems like the best choice.

From some quick Googling, the best IDE for Django would be NetBeans with a plugin.

Good luck on learning 'nix development, then!
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
You can still develop .NET on linux.
Microsoft's Visual Studio Code is an Integrated Development Environment (IDE) with support for Mac, Linux and Windows.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I really like gedit and a terminal. You'll more than likely need to make a few tweaks and maybe install a plugin or two. gedit also has a Python console window plugin if you like that kind of integration. (Edit -
Answer 6: 

    
    
If you are willing to pay Wing IDE (http://www.wingware.com/) is the best (IMO)
They have trial versions and a basic version free (https://wingware.com/wing101)
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Mono Develop

If you've been using visual studio, then I'd guess that mono develop would be the closest thing.  As far as I know, its the best attempt around to be a linux version of visual studio.  A quick Google search gives several results for python plugins for mono develop.
    
    
Title: &ldquo;Find All References&rdquo; broken in one solution
Description: 
    
    
                    
At some point "Find All References" feature got broken for a single solution that I have.  It works in all other solutions.  For this one, it always returns "Search found no results"

What could be the problem?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
In the old days (VC6 :) ) this type of problem was often fixed by deleting the .ncb file and letting it be rebuilt automatically. Not sure if this is still true in VS2005/8.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I would kill all instances of Visual Studio and try again.  If this doesn't work, I would imagine that there really are no references to the type or member you are looking for.  

Since this feature is working for other solutions I find it hard to believe that this is an issue with the IDE itself.  I think the most likely explanation is that the IDE is correct and you actually have no references.

Do you have two types that are similarly named but not actually the same type?  Can you find the references by text search?
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Had the same problem in VS 2008. In my case it was because I was opening the web site as a project, instead of doing File - Open Web Site.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
For me, I have been stumbled by "Search returned no results" but quickly realized that method name was Finalize().  Once renamed, all was well.
    
    
Title: How to change the working directory for build/debug in Emacs?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm trying to get accustomed to using Emacs for building and debugging, although I'm having some difficulties. My biggest problem right now is that I need to be in (e.g. have a file open in) the root directory to make -k my applications and I need to be in the binaries directory to run gdb MyApp.

Is it futile to try to get Ctrl+Shift+B to make -k -C &lt;my_hard_coded_dir&gt; and some type of ditto with F5 running gdb &lt;MyApp&gt; from my bin directory? Never mind if the shift key is to much of a hassle for Emacs.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
To specify what M-x make uses for compilation, you specify the compile-command variable.

(setq compile-command "make -c /path/to/makefile")


For your GDB stuff, the variable is gud-gdb-command-name, so

(setq gud-gdb-command-name "gdb --anotate=3 -cd /path/to/exec")

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
for compiling i use this spippet in my .emacs

(global-set-key [f2]   'compile)
(global-set-key [f3]   'next-error)
(setq compile-command "u: &amp; cd \\gbceinspielen\\trunk\\src\\compile &amp; make -k ")


the command "gdb" starts the debugger, but i do not know, wether there is an equivalent to compile-command.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I'm personaly use EDE to keep compilation settings for concrete projects, and create compile command on the fly.  You can see how it works in my cedet config, starting with line 100
    
    
Title: ASP.NET MVC CTP5 Crashing IDE
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've recently installed the MVC CTP5 and VS is now crashing on me when I try to open an aspx, I get the following error in event viewer:
.NET Runtime version 2.0.50727.3053 - Fatal Execution Engine Error (7A035E00) (80131506)

I was able to find This post on the asp.net forums relating to the same issue but nobody has had a working solution yet (at least not for me).
Just wondering if anyone else has run into this issue and what they have done to resolve it?
EDIT: Wanted to add that I have tried all the tips in the article and can open the markup with a code editor but was wondering an actual solution had been found to resolve this issue.. Thanks!
EDIT: I don't have this issue on my Vista box, seems to only occur on my XP VM.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I had a problem with Power Commands and Preview 5. If you have Power Commands installed, try updating or uninstalling it to fix the issue.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Here are a steps to work around from the post that work for me:

1.Open project based on CTP5

2.IN solution Explorer, enable "Show All files"

3.Open "bin" folder and delete "Microsoft.Web.Mvc.dll", "System.Web.Mvc.dll", "System.Web.Abstractions.dll", "System.Web.Routing.dll"

4.Open "References" folder, click ONCE "System.Web.Abstractions" and in Properties window change "Copy Local" to true. Repeat same with System.Web.Routing.

5.Build application (Ctrl+Shift+B)

6.Open site.master in designer. VS will not crash.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
FYI - Microsoft has released a hotfix that fixes [at least some variations of] this problem:

https://connect.microsoft.com/VisualStudio/Downloads/DownloadDetails.aspx?DownloadID=16827&amp;wa=wsignin1.0

http://blogs.msdn.com/jnak/archive/2009/02/26/fix-available-asp-net-mvc-rc-crash-in-a-windows-azure-cloud-service-project.aspx
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
A bit of a null answer but I’ve been having this too. Not that I restart VS often but cleaning out the bin folder before opening the web project is my workaround.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Have same problem, on vista x64 and vs2008 sp1. Have to do probably something with cleaning bin folder and system.web.routing/abstraction, because it crashes even on webforms project with (mvc) routing in it. When I delete all files from bin, and add references again, it works fine.
Really annoying bug in vs2008+ctp5! 
    
    
Title: Debugging Airflow Tasks with IDE tools?
Description: 
    
    
                    
My Airflow DAGs mainly consist of PythonOperators, and I would like to use my Python IDEs debug tools to develop python "inside" airflow. - I rely on Airflow's database connectors, which I think would be ugly to move "out" of airflow for development.

I have been using Airflow for a bit, and have so far only achieved development and debugging via the CLI. Which is starting to get tiresome.

Does anyone know of a nice way to set up PyCharm, or another IDE, that enables me to use the IDE's debug toolset when running airflow test ..?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Might be a little late to the party, but been looking for a solution to this as well. Wanted to be able to debug code as close to &quot;production mode&quot; as possible (so nothing with test etc).
Found a solution in the form of the &quot;Python Debug Server&quot;.
It works the other way around: Your IDE listens and the connection is made from the remote script to your editor.
Just add a new run configuration of type &quot;Python Debug Server&quot;.
You'll get a screen telling you to pip install pydevd-pycharm remotely. At that same page you can fill in your local IP and a port on which the debugger should be available and optional path mappings.
After that, just add the proposed 2 lines of code to where you want your debug session to start.
Run the configuration to activate the listener and if all is well your editor should break as soon as the location of the settrace-call is reached.

Edit/Note: If you stop the configuration in your editor, airflow will continue with the task, be sure to realise that.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
It might be somewhat of a hack, but I found one way to set up PyCharm:


Use which airflow to the local airflow environment - which in my case is just a pipenv
Add a new run configuration in PyCharm
Set the python "Script path" to said airflow script
Set Parameters to test a task: test dag_x task_y 2019-11-19


This have only been validated with the SequentialExecutor, which might be important.

It sucks that I have to change test parameters in the run configuration for every new debug/development task, but so far this is pretty useful for setting breakpoints and stepping through code while "inside" the local airflow environment.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I debug airflow test dag_id task_id, run on a vagrant machine, using PyCharm.  You should be able to use the same method, even if you're running airflow directly on localhost.

Pycharm's documentation on this subject should show you how to create an appropriate "Python Remote Debug" configuration.  When you run this config, it waits to be contacted by the bit of code that you've added someplace (for example in one of your operators).  And then you can debug as normal, with breakpoints set in Pycharm.
    
    
Title: Android Studio Flutter Tooltips Not Showing
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am following along a tutorial for Flutter using Android Studio. The instructor's screen shows more detailed tooltips / hints than my environment does.

I am unsure of how to enable these extra details.

Examples

Instructor's Screen (extra tooltip details in red):


My Screen

    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
After having the Basic Code Completion open (Control + Space), then hit Control + Q (Win/Linux) or Control + J (Mac) to open the Quick Documentation Lookup, this will make your screen appear as your instructors. Alternatively, just hit the last keyboard shortcut to only see the Quick Documentation Lookup.

For more keyboard shortcuts see: https://developer.android.com/studio/intro/keyboard-shortcuts
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Go to Preferences-
Title: Delphi Prompt to Add to Uses
Description: 
    
    
                    
Just upgraded from Delphi XE to Tokyo, and was hoping for some updated IDE features.

One nice to have feature would be automatically providing options to add a unit to the uses clause.  For example, if you reference something in code that isn't in a uses, it would be nice if the IDE prompted you to add the related unit(s).  

For example, keeping it simple, in IntelliJ, you might declare a Button, but not yet have added the associated Library to the Import clause.   



When this happens, the offending line is highlighted (just like in Delphi), but the IDE will let you add the necessary library with an Alt-Enter.  If there are multiple libraries (it knows about it) it will prompt you for the one you want.  

Anything like this for Delphi?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Delphi 2007 and later versions support this for most types that it knows about (in the search or library path). (It may have been available in D2005/2006; I don't have them installed anywhere now to check. I know it was not in Delphi 7.) 

Put in the type, and use the Refactor menu (Refactor-kbd/kbdkbd/kbdkbd/kbd/pp/ppa href="https://i.stack.imgur.com/tkXgk.png" rel="nofollow noreferrer"img src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/tkXgk.png" alt="![Find unit dialog"/a/pp/ppcode/code/p/div
Title: How do I allow autocomplete for everything except AWT and Swing in Intellij?
Description: 
    
    
                    
AWT and Swing have almost the same names for everything in JavaFX, so I find myself going through the items by their package, finding the FX entries, and then looking at the documentation.

I know it's possible for modules, but this is a core JDK library bundled with everything else
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can exclude specific packages from auto import in IntelliJ settings.

Settings code/code
Title: Managing Temporary Files Created by an IDE in Git
Description: 
    
    
                    
Currently I am working in Atmel's AVR Studio 7.0 (based off of VS2015-shell) which has some funky behavior when it comes to the temporary files that get created when the IDE runs. Before going any further I want to say that I am not interested in the underlying problem with Atmel Studio, that would be a different question for a different website. Instead I am going to ask with how to deal with the behavior in the short term, in terms of managing the files in my repository.

So anyway, I will explain what happens to give an idea of what I'm dealing with. Each C++ project that gets created in Atmel Studio has a solution (.atsln file) that goes along with it. Then, along with each solution is a .atsuo file. The .atsuo file gets modified every time that the solution gets closed. My problem with this is that I am trying to check everything into a repository and it doesn't really make sense to check that file in because it will change even if I just open the project once, run it, and close it...

Now, let me get to the really good part... As much as I'd like to just not check the .atsuo file in, I am forced to... If the .atsuo file gets deleted then the solution file will not ever work again, I'll get "Atmel AVR Studio 7.0 has stopped working..." then just crashes. So it's like I am being forced to check that file in if I don't want to have to build a new solution every single time! But I don't want to because it keeps changing!!!

What on earth can I do to manage this file in Git?

Update

At the end of the day, the changed contents of the .atsuo don't do any harm. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The .atsuo file is based on the Visual Studio .suo Solution User Options file. These files contain user level settings, like open tool windows and set break points, that shouldn't be checked into the repository. Atmel has extended the format and keeps a few other things in there that causes this file to change each time you compile. That's a 2nd very good reason to not check this file in. Leaving it is going to create very noisy commits and made it a pain for anyone you share your code with. 

As you noted, Atmel Studio needs this file to function properly, so rather than deleting it, add it to your .gitignore file so Git will never track it. (Although, since you've now checked it in, you'll need to remove it from your Git repository and tell git to stop tracking it. git rm --cached path/to/projectName.atsuo should do the trick.)

Here's the .gitignore file I use for my Atmel Studio projects.

#Binaries
Debug/
Release/

#User Specific Files
*.atsuo


———

A few years on now, I was able to get a .gitignore file for Atmel Studio merged into the community supported section of the github/gitignore project. 

https://github.com/github/gitignore/blob/master/community/embedded/AtmelStudio.gitignore
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
The trick with temporary, and output files, in any version control system is to use the "ignore" mechanism.

In the case of git this is done by creating and adding a file in the root of the git directory tree called .gitignore which can specify any and all of specific files, directories, wildcards, etc. To see full details type git help ignore and do some reading.
    
    
Title: How to reinstall NetBeans? all the available components( packs and runtimes) are already installed, How to proceed?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Problem with NetBeans re-installation( the first one worked fine): All of the available components are already installed. click cancel to exit the installer. No way to proceed!

Previously I downloaded and installed the window version of  NetBeans IDE 8.1  with "All- a full download option (215 MB)" , which contains all the runtimes and technologies available for the NetBeans IDE. https://netbeans.org/downloads/. a weak ago i restored my computer to an earlier point in time. after restore my recently installed applications are deleted including NetBeans, my favorite IDE to run java.

When I try to install it now, I got a problem! it says all the available components( packs and runtimes) are already installed. And I have no way to go forward. The "Next" button is disabled.All of the available components are already installed. click cancel to exit the installer. No Next button.  please see the picture 
 NetBeans IDE 8.1 Installer welcome snapschot
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Go to "C:\Program Files" and look for "NetBeans" folder, then delete that folder and try reinstall it, it should work fine this time.
Also,this can help link
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
On debian you might try go


  /usr/local/netbeans-8.2/uninstall.sh

    
    
Title: Tern: Synchronizing script resources with tern server
Description: 
    
    
                    
In JBoss Devstudio, I am getting this new "error" with Tern: Synchronizing script resources with tern server.  It's not really an error, but it's a process that occurs every single time I click in a JavaScript file.  It's just spinning and freezes up the entire IDE.  This has never happened to me before, and I was working on the project yesterday without any issues.  

Does anyone know what the hell this is?  There isn't really anything on Google except one post that says to upgrade.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
JBoss Devstudio integrates tern.java for JavaScript support. I think your problem is because that you have a lot of JavaScript files in your project (inside node_modules or bower_components) and tern.java tries to analyze your all JavaScript files, and it takes time.

In your case, you need to exclude folders like node_modules and to do that you must use a version of tern.java a href="https://github.com/angelozerr/tern.java/wiki/New-and-Noteworthy-1.0.0" rel="nofollow"/astrong/strong/p/div
Answer 2: 

    
    
To deal with this problem, open your workspace and drop the folder, like E:\eclipse\workspace\.metadata\.plugins\tern.eclipse.ide.server.nodejs.embed.win32.win32.x86_64, the node.exe in it is the point.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I resolved this issue by simply eliminating the built in js files from path.


I removed this from validations '**/node_modules/*,**/bower_components/*'. (If it even didn't resolve)Go to Properties of the project 
Title: IDE for Cocos2dx on Linux
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm normaly using QtCreator for c++ and I have Linux. I want to write a game in Cocos2dx. I installed Cocos2dx without problem, created HelloWorld using "cocos new", opened it with QTC and builded it. Everything is ok. BUT Cocos2dx uses cmake. When I create new class in project in Qt Creator I can't see it. So which ide is useable for cocos2dx? I tried VS 2013 but i don't like Windows.
 (pls sorry for my bad English, I hope you will understand)
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
In QTCreator you need to add new sources to your project's root CMakeLists.txt and then run cmake again. After doing this you can see your new classes.

Suppose we have AppDelegate.cpp and MainMenuScene.cpp and want to add NewScene class (defined in NewScene.h and NewScene.cpp). Then in MyGame/CMakeLists.txt find "set(GAME_SRC" and add NewScene.cpp and NewScene.h files as below:

set(GAME_SRC
  Classes/AppDelegate.cpp
  Classes/MainMenuScene.cpp
  Classes/NewScene.cpp
  ${PLATFORM_SPECIFIC_SRC}
)

set(GAME_HEADERS
  Classes/AppDelegate.h
  Classes/MainMenuScene.h
  Classes/NewScene.h
  ${PLATFORM_SPECIFIC_HEADERS}
)


Then run CMake using "Build/p/div
Answer 2: 

    
    
Instead of QTCreator you can use CLion. Clion is cross-platform C++ IDE from JetBrains. This IDE have default support CMake. Setup the build system is very easy. I use this for development my game on the cocos2d-x engine - it's good tool.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I'm using Clion https://www.jetbrains.com/clion/ and it works fine with cocos2dx. Just open folder which contains CMakeLists.txt.Created classes are automaticaly updated in CMakeLists.txt by ide. 
    
    
Title: Android Studio - Re enable popup marked as Don&#39;t show again
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm user of Android Studio v1.0.2 and its SVN features.

When working with a SVN project and adding new files, Android Studio used to show a popup asking if I'd like to Schedule the file for addition. I ever hit NO, until one day I put "Don't show again".

Now I need that feature because I don't like to manually put ADD to every new file on a project.

Is there a fix without deleting all config?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Go to Settings -strong/strong
Answer 2: 

    
    

  In android studio go to file -strong/strong
Title: How to allow code-folding on Geany IDE?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there any way to fold all of functions at one time on Geany IDE?

Is there any way to do that?

I am looking for any option which let my Geany IDE to fold all of the functions at one time.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Go to Document -&gt; Fold All.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
One may pre-configure Geany shortcuts for (un)-folding as needed:

Enter 
Ctrl+Alt+P to open a Geany [Preferences] settings UI-panel

Select [Keyboard Keybindings] tab on the left,

Scroll down to section [+][Document] and unfold it's attribute settings

Setup an unused keyboard shortcut for each of, as handy:
- Toggle Folding On/Off on a current code-block
- Unfold the whole document
- Fold the whole document


   ( prompts are not exact, actual Geany language-localisation may provide other expressions while meaning is clear )




One may pre-configure Geany to enable / disable (un)-folding + details:

Enter 
Ctrl+Alt+P to open a Geany [Preferences] settings UI-panel

Select [Editor] tab on the left,

(un)-Check selection boxes as preferred in:
[x] Enable folding
[x] Fold/Unfold all children of a fold point ... a [Shift]+&lt;aMouseCLICK&gt; is interpreted as a one-shot reversed setting of this preferences attribute
    
    
Title: Delphi 7 IDE - How to disable color for active line?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have changed my IDE color schema few times to and from and now noticed to have active line always coloured. I have searched in editor options 
Answer 1: 

    
    
As you have CNPack installed you need to go to CNPack..IDE Enhancement Settings..Source Highlight Settings and uncheck Enable Background Highlight Current Line (Delphi 7 Below Only)
    
    
Title: Execute two distinct projects with code blocks
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have an issue with code blocks.

I have two distinct projects, one for the server and the other for the client. I would execute both of them at the same time for debugging. How can I do that ?

I have been trying settings -
Answer 1: 

    
    
if this not working


  settings -
Answer 2: 

    
    
If I uncheck the environment options you mentioned I can run as many
C::B instances as I like. This is with C::B 13.12, but 10.5 should be the same.
If it is not working for you for some reason then you should be able to
force it by running in a terminal:

codeblocks --multiple-instance &amp;


as many times as required.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
If you are running Windows7, try to delete the entire registry entry with regedit:

HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\CodeBlocks.cbp\shell\open\ddeexec


This may also work for some version of MS Office Excel.
    
    
Title: What would be a good way to set up equivalent of Lua-for-Windows on Linux?
Description: 
    
    
                    
My primary development environment is Linux (Debian particularly), but for various reasons, I began learning / using Lua (that too recently), in the Windows environment. I like the Lua-for-Windows (batteries-included) approach, and the SciTE IDE that ships with it, with the embedded debugging functionalities, over and above the plain-vanilla SciTE IDE.

On Linux however, having installed the standard Lua5.1 package on Debian via the standard apt repositories, I find that the IDE is missing. 

Also, while I've not checked exhaustively, but I got the impression that not all the libraries (that'd make sense, since they are cross-platform) shipped with LfW, are available as part of the standard Lua5.1 package on Debian. How do I do an exhaustive check ?

Finally, to install any missing / additional libraries on Debian side, is LuaRocks the preferred and recommended approach ?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
If you are looking for a Lua IDE to run on Linux, try ZeroBrane Studio. It's in many ways similar to SciTE as it's based on the same Scintilla editor and is available on Windows/Linux/OSX.

For installing libraries you need, I'd start with LuaRocks.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
As far as batteries are concerned, there are some major differences in several windows and linux release of various lua modules.

For the IDE, you can import SciTEGlobal.properties file to your own SciTE setup/directory in debian, or more importantly; the user.toolbar section. These lines are what make SciTE an IDE:

run|IDM_GO|Run Program|\
stop|IDM_STOPEXECUTE|Kill Program|\
terminal|lua;no;start_lua_prompt|Launch Interactive Lua|\
load|lua;yes;load_current_lua_file|Load Lua File into Interactive Session|\
|||\
debug|lua;yes;do_run|Debug Program/Continue|\
breakpoint|lua;no;do_breakpoint|Set Breakpoint|\
step|lua;no;do_step|Step|\
step_over|lua;no;do_next|Step Over|\
step_out|lua;no;do_finish|Step Out|\
watch|lua;no;do_watch|Watch Variable|\
inspect|lua;no;do_inspect|Inspect Variable|\
stack|lua;no;do_backtrace|Stack Trace|\
stopd|lua;no;do_kill|Stop Debugging|

    
    
Title: How to highlight vm files in IDE like Dreamweaver / Eclipse
Description: 
    
    
                    
How to enable vm files (velocity) files highlighting in Eclipse &amp;/or Dreamweaver?  I have to work with VM files at my workplace. And I can not seem to get these files highlighted in Dreamweaver...
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
According to this post, and I agree, Veloclipse is the best Velocity editor for Eclipse.  You install it by doing the following:


In Eclipse choose Help /lilia href="http://veloeclipse.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/update/" rel="nofollow noreferrer"/a/lili/li/olp/polli/lili
Answer 2: 

    
    
There's an eclipse plug-in for this: VelocityUI

Installation:


Download the JAR file from here:http://code.google.com/p/velocity-edit/downloads/detail?name=com.hudson.velocityweb_1.6.5.jar&amp;can=2&amp;q= 
Copy it into your eclipse\dropins folder. 
Restart Eclipse
Create a new Eclipse project (assuming you don't already have one)
Copy in some .vm files
Double click on .vm files - you should be able to edit them and see the syntax highlighting.  

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
For Dreamweaver, follow Adobe's instructions here to edit the Extensions.txt file and the MMDocumentTypes.xml file. Put the vm extension in the right places (you need it to be treated as HTML) and you will get what you want.
    
    
Title: C++: Make VS2010 complain about &ldquo;If&rdquo; with &ldquo;=&rdquo;
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there any way in VS2010 C++ to have the IDE complain if I do something like

if (somevar = 2)
{
    ...


?

I try to pay attention to writing == instead of =, but not only using C++ but also VB and other languages, it just happens sometimes.

It takes really much time sometimes to find errors associated with my fault.

I think the possiblity that one really wants to write an if statement that also assigns a new value to a variable (as in my example above) is rather small. That is why I am hoping that VS2010 might have included an option that tells me about my possible flaw, but I haven't found one.

Is there any option like this?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Yes there is:

warning C4706: assignment within conditional expression


Just make sure you turn on all (not quite all on MSVS) warnings. (project properties -&gt; C/C++ -&gt; General -&gt; Warning Level)

The alternative is using YODA conditions (2 == somevar), but that's ugly. :)
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Right-click the project name in Solution Explorer, select Properties, go to Configuration Properties | C/C++ | General, and set the Warning Level to Level4. You won't get an error but a warning:


  warning C4706: assignment within conditional expression

    
    
Title: DDT on Eclipse Juno
Description: 
    
    
                    
Has anybody made DDT (D Development Tools) to work on Eclipse Juno? When I try to install DDT it complains about wrong version of the DLTK.

Update: Since DDT verion 0.8 Eclipse Kepler and DLTK 5.0 is supported by default.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
It is possible, but you need to install an old dltk version until DDT author ports it to new one.

Relevant comments: http://code.google.com/a/eclipselabs.org/p/ddt/wiki/Installation

Quoting Bruno:

The http://download.eclipse.org/releases/indigo update site contains DLTK 3.0, 
so the installation should still work as described above. There might be a problem if 
Eclipse update actually finds DLTK 3.0 but also finds 4.0 and is trying to install 4.0 if
some other plugin requires version 4.0. Make sure Eclipse is not trying to get updated
to 4.0 .

    
    
Title: eclipse key map on intellij
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am switching to Intellij from eclipse because many people have recommended it. 

I am thinking of using eclipse key map for it , but I am wondering if I should just spend some time learning the actual keymaps. Is there any advantage to way Intellij keymaps are ?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Beside the advantage mentioned by chalimartines in the comments (more accurate help), the main advantage is to minimize potential conflicts with existing plugins keymaps, which could collide with your new keymap.
Anton Arhipov adds in the comments that:


  any other keymap might not cover all the cases for IntelliJ.
  Thus, by switching the keymap, the user has a risk of limiting himself from the full potential while using IntelliJ.


The other approach, when considering the IntelliJIDEA_ReferenceCard.pdf (full default keymap), is to make a simplified one, as done in "Improved IntelliJ keymap" by Jamie Craane: see this Reference Card.
    
    
