Title: Do you use VIM/Emacs/Terminals to develop C/C++? What kind of projects is this practical for?
Description: 
    
    
                    
For those who are using vim/emacs/terminals,etc (ie, not an IDE proper) what sort of projects are you working on? Are they big? Production? Are these the tools you use at work? Or mostly for smaller things...or big things broken into small things? Sorry...enough questions.

I ask because I'm studying computer science right now, and am super excited about it. I had an internship programming J2ME for a government agency recently and it was Netbeans and eclipse all the way. So I've only had a few "minor-league" years in the business.

In short, what is practical for the CL type tools, versus an IDE such as 'beans and VS. I've got a lot to learn, and the CL tools will probably teach me, versus shielding me like an full on IDE might.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    

  What sort of projects are you working on?


All kind... vim is my main "IDE" anywhere


  Are they big?


Yes... My FOSS project CppCMS written almost 100% in vim


  Production? 


Yes, most of production code (Not FOSS) I write today I use vim.


  Are these the tools you use at work?


Yes.

I would explain severak simple things:


vim provides almost all tools IDE does, highlighting, spellcheck, autocomplition, working with multiple buffers, build, context "jumps" (decl, def) and much more
It is extreamly portable, I work with it on Windows, Linux, OpenVMS, Solaris, FreeBSD.
It is very light in comparison to bloated IDE.


There is only one thing I do use IDE today: debugging hard bugs.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Emacs/Vim can be used for any sized projects.

Generally, you won't get to choose the environment, the job you find will have one already picked out for you (unless it's non-Java programming in Unix, in which case use what you want).

I wouldn't sweat the choice, just learn to use which ever editor/IDE is available to its utmost extent.

I use (and have used) Emacs for personal projects, and in two different companies on software projects exceeding 10M lines of production code each.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I use emacs. I would recommend emacs. I have used emacs since before it was emacs: TECO, TV, and the e macro package on the Decsystem-20.
I can use vim if I need to but what you learn is largely what is at hand and you get into.
Yes, learn one or both. And I would say, if the IDE fits, wear it too.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I use vim for everything, I hate IDEs, they're too bloated for me.

I haven't used it for any massive projects (because I haven't written any massive projects), but if I were going to, I would still use vim.

When learning I new language, I believe it's best to not use IDEs at all, and to learn the "proper" way of doing it (like for c++, learning the command line switches and using makefiles).
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Twenty years ago all my programming was done in plain text editors, mostly emacs, but technology has improved over the years.

I still do use plain text editors to write code occasionally, but only when it is inconvenient to install an IDE on the machine where I'm writing code.  For example, a few times I've stopped by a client site without my laptop and wanted to write a quick program.

This is also an issue with certain embedded systems, where you may want to update the code interactively through a RS232 or USB based command line interface.

Most modern IDEs provide enough acceleration to the code editing process that I will install one whenever I expect to use the computer for development for more than two or three hours.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I use vim for everything from small one-off scripts to 1000+ line production code.  It is so versatile that working in any other environment seems constricting.  If I'm part of a project that necessitates a standard environment (IDE) then I'll do as much coding as I can in vim and then import into the ide.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I believe everyone should be able to operate effectively in a command-line environment.  You can't always be sure that anything except the basic tools will be available on the target machines, you can't be sure that you'll have enough system to pull up a full IDE, and you might actually find the system you're building is too complicated for an IDE.

I've built systems that have consisted of multiple interoperating clients and servers distributed across multiple physical machines.  In these efforts, I have used command line tools almost exclusively in the server side.  I will use DDD when I can, but I also know the underlying gdb.  If the clients are Windows, I'll use the Visual Studio IDE, but if they're UNIX, I'll go with the command line.

Figure out how to work effectively using minimal tools.  You'll be a better developer and you'll actually appreciate the integrated tools more, if they're done better.

BTW, I put Emacs in the IDE class.  I've got a friend who comes in and fires it up first thing and doesn't leave the environment all day.  It's more than an IDE, in fact, since he does mail, surfing, etc. in the thing, or so he tells me.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
For large projects with 100+ files, using an IDE is very important. But there are lots of small small things which you need to keep doing all the time while working on even large projects. Firing up the IDE for all of these may not be worthwhile. Having a good command on a powerful editor like Vim or Emacs is something I would consider as an essential skill for any programmer. But an appropriate IDE should also be used to accelerate regular development work as per project needs. 
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
Hmm... Well, look at it this way:

I open code in emacs. I edit it. I use code completion (and I've even played with intellisense emacs)... When I'm ready to compile, I hit CTRL+F7... A key I've bound... It builds in a small popup window... If there are any errors, I can jump to them in the code by hitting f8 (another bound key)... Once it's all building, I hit f5... (this runs a little program I wrote that parses the Makefile and determines the path the executable)... This starts the debugger in a small popup window... I can click on code lines to set break points... etc... I debug... I can "next" through the code with F10... I can "step" through the code with F11 (more key bindings)... When it's all done I hit Shift-F7 to package (.rpm) the project.

So, do I have an IDE? Or am I just using a plain text editor?
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
1. Yes.&nbsp;&nbsp; 2. Any kind of project.



There is no limit to the size of a system that can be developed in Vim/Emacs/Unix, in fact, there are fewer limits than there are in IDE's. Let's look at a few things I use...

SYSTEM          LINES OF CODE
Linux kernel       10,000,000
NetBSD              4,000,000
Ruby                  200,000


Those are pretty big systems.

I don't believe any of them were developed with IDE software. 
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
I tend to agree that for learning it is a good idea to understand the basics: the fact that you edit the code, you compile it with a compiler, link it with a linker, debug it with a debugger.

It makes it easier to grasp the concepts. And it makes easier to move from platform to platform.

So, learn vi, make, gdb, some version control system (git, svn).

But for production I would say that getting familiar with the "standard IDE" of the environment is a must (Visual Studio for Windows, XCode for Mac OS, Eclipse for Java, etc.)

No mater what other say, mastering an IDE will increase your productivity.
If you used vi/emacs for 10 years and try Eclipse or Visual Studio for few days, you will say that they are bloated and don't offer anything in exchange. That's BS. The more open minded you are, the better you will be.
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
I use Emacs to develop commercial software with size of several millions LoC, and massive use of templates, etc.  I use CEDET + gnu global as auxiliary packages + yasnippet, etc.  
    
    
Answer 13: 

    
    
well...I have to say that I'm a vimmer. Using a IDE, I don't to care so many things like when you use editor like vim/emacs. But when you do a bit more, you will find the IDE you use is more hindering than helping in your program developping process. alas...if you insist in using vim/emacs as your editor, you will encounter "a deep learning curve", you will waste so many time even to acchieve so trivial a function in your editor,you will be desperate when you are busy catching up with your timetable if you just pick them up......you have to settle down and start leaning and also playing with editors and a couple of days, you will find you've already achieve more than you can ever expect!
    
    
Answer 14: 

    
    
My standard IDE is a flock of xterms running some mix of vim editors, man page documentation, debuggers, log tails, and command lines to execute things, plus an instance of Firefox for pulling up additional docs or (where applicable) testing web-based code.  This is what I use for all projects these days, regardless of size, whether personal or professional.

Pretty much the only time I've seen real benefit to using an IDE has been when I've been working on platform-native GUI apps, where they make it so much easier to build forms and wire up their controls.  But I haven't done that sort of work in over a decade - the last one I did was in Deplhi, back when Borland still owned it; I think version 4 had just come out, although it might have been 3.
    
    
Answer 15: 

    
    
Emacs is a great tool (so is Vim) for programming, and I use them to develop my code for physics research. As added benefit (for me) Emacs handles remote files nicely via Tramp, so that's big boom for me since I very often have to visit remote servers.

With that said, every time I need to write an application with a GUI and within a large framework (like c# with .NET or the android framework) I always find it hard to development with just emacs. The IDEs (Visual Studio, Eclipse) simply have everything including autocomplete and lookup with appropriate content from the framework, and debugging, even though code writing part is always unsatisfactory (I always end up installing some sort of emacs plugin for the IDE, which always fall short of Emacs proper!). 

Sometimes it just takes too long to setup an environment in Emacs for those kinds of projects since that is not the default way envisioned by the designers, and having an environment that works out of box is so much easier than banging my head against the wall to find usually obscure information on how to compile/debug those app without using the designated IDE.
    
    
Answer 16: 

    
    
We could sum things up by saying that editors like emacs / vi implements some of the functionnalities of IDEs by using CL tools (or the libs behind the CL tools).

Your main issue in using an editor as an IDE would be : 


configuring it to have exactly the functionnalities you are happy with in an IDE is not necessarily straigh-forward (I ask for sympathy from anyone who ever tried to configure CEDET ;) ), as opposed to working out-of-the-box with IDEs
the way such functionnalities work in editors is very tied to CL, so you need at least a vague understanding of the CL beforehand. 


The advantages are the fact that CL tools are sometimes more ubiquitous than IDEs. Also mastering CL opens the door to scripting your build ("make a build in one command" as opposed to "make a build in one click"), which opens the door to automated nighly builds, continuous integration, etc... all of which are harder to setup if your understanding of the build stops at hitting F6 or whatever. 
    
    
Title: Netbeans 9/10/11 cannot run program &ldquo;cmd&rdquo;
Description: 
    
    
                    
I unzipped NetBeans 11 to C:\netbeans, installed several versions of the JDK to C:\java and created a test class within NetBeans containing a main method and one line of code System.out.print("hello world");. When I click the Run Project button, the output window shows the command:

cd C:\Users\MyUsername\Documents\NetBeansProjects\asdf; 
JAVA_HOME=C:\\Java\\jdk1.8.0_231 cmd /c "\"\"C:\\netbeans-9\\java\\maven\\bin\\mvn.cmd\" 
  -Dexec.args=\"-classpath %classpath com.mycompany.asdf.Test\" 
  -Dexec.executable=C:\\Java\\jdk1.8.0_231\\bin\\java.exe  
  -Dmaven.ext.class.path=C:\\netbeans-9\\java\\maven-nblib\\netbeans-eventspy.jar  
  -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 process-classes org.codehaus.mojo:exec-maven-plugin:1.5.0:exec\""


followed by the error:


  Cannot run program "cmd" (in directory "C:\Users\MyUsername\Documents\NetBeansProjects\asdf"): Malformed argument has embedded quote: "C:\netbeans-9\java\maven\bin\mvn.cmd" -Dexec.args="-classpath %classpath com.mycompany.asdf.Test" -Dexec.executable=C:\Java\jdk1.8.0_231\bin\java.exe -Dmaven.ext.class.path=C:\netbeans-9\java\maven-nblib\netbeans-eventspy.jar -Dfile.encoding=UTF-8 process-classes org.codehaus.mojo:exec-maven-plugin:1.5.0:exec


Whether the class creates a GUI or not, it gives the same error. I've tried NetBeans 9, 10, and 11 with JDK 7, 8, and 11. Am I missing something during setup, or do I have something in a wrong directory somewhere? I'm lost.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
No need to downgrade the JDK just add this in your netbeans.conf

Find your netbeans.conf file netbeansIstallDir/etc/netbeans.conf

Find the key netbeans_default_options and at the start of the string add the following: -J-Djdk.lang.Process.allowAmbiguousCommands=true

It should look like this: 

netbeans_default_options="-J-Djdk.lang.Process.allowAmbiguousCommands=true..."

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Fixed this issue by installing jdk1.8.0_221 as suggested here:

Java with maven wouldn&#39;t build: Cannot run program &quot;cmd&quot; &quot;Malformed argument has embedded quote&quot;

Hope this will help you too
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Find the key netbeans_default_options and at the start of the string add the following: -J-Djdk.lang.Process.allowAmbiguousCommands=true

It should look like this:

netbeans_default_options="-J-Djdk.lang.Process.allowAmbiguousCommands=true..."

this if form Omer Erden, congrats...
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I'm having the same "Malformed argument has embedded quote:" error when trying to run any project. Netbeans 11.0 and I've tried jdk13.0.1 jdk11.0.5 and jkd1.8.0 all with the same error. I'm at a loss too.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
No need to downgrade to an older JDK version, check my answer at https://stackoverflow.com/a/58484737 for a solution and the background of the change.
    
    
Title: Smallest IDE for PHP with code-completion?
Description: 
    
    
                    
There are plenty of small editors like Notepad++, vim, &amp; SciTE - but they only work on one file at a time. In other words, they aren't aware of the whole scope of the codebase. 

On the other hand, all the full IDE's I have seen which offer code-completion (over all files in a project) take a good amount of memory to run. Eclipse PDT, PHPStorm, etc..

I'm looking for a tiny IDE with nothing more than code completion and syntax coloring to move around some very limit dev systems running PHP. Is there anything like this?

Windows or Linux

Update

To clarify, if the app can't do multi-file code completion (complete code in one file, based on classes in other files) then it doesn't fit my requirements. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Geany is my editor of choice. It's small, cross-platform, (GTK) and supports literally dozens of languages. (including PHP) It has syntax highlighting, code-completion and even custom "build" commands. (such as php -l for sanity checks)
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Netbeans is the best performing PHP editor with code completion that I have used; that said, it's by no means a lightweight editor. But I don't think any kind of editor with code completion is going to be truly lightweight.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Try Komodo Edit or Komodo IDE. It has all PHP assistance features included and even debugging (in IDE).

http://www.activestate.com/komodo-ide

It has some bugs like PHP variables showing up in JavaScript autocomplete.

Try the v6 beta: http://www.activestate.com/komodo-edit/downloads
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I use MacVim and I often have multiple files open in separate tabs.

Vim supports syntax highlighting out of the box and code completion if you use ctags plugins.

See also:


http://linuxhelp.blogspot.com/2006/09/visual-walk-through-of-couple-of-new.html
http://blogs.gnome.org/lharris/2008/07/20/code-completion-with-vim-7/

    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Nusphere PHPEd. That's the one I use after horrible Java based alternatives and Zend Studio to name the waterheaded ones :P. It's blazing fast, has built in code completion library, fully customizable syntax highlighting for PHP 4.x, PHP 5.x, PHP 5.3, html, css, smarty, perl, sql, xml, c/c++, python, asp, js and who knows what else.

Highlights:


Über fast development environment.
Awesome file manager options (SFTP, SSH, etc.)
Fully customizable syntax highlighting (light/dark profiles)
Built in debugger
Fully customizable editor options (brackets, completion, whatever...)

    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
PHP Expert Editor is a fairly small app that allows editing of multiple files, has syntax highlighting and integrates with PHP to do syntax checking.  I've been using it for years.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I use notepad++ most of the time. But you could try out this free IDE which I think fits your bill Codelobster It's around 13mb
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
The best PHP IDE now in production would be Zend Studio, but it's not free. So the closest would be Eclipse PDT, but you don't like it.

Aptana Studio for PHP was a lot better, but was discontinued, and Aptana became an IDE for JS and Ruby now, but I tried to save what's left of it, so it's still available.

So far I didn't find anything better than Aptana Studio for PHP.

Big throwback though - it only supports syntax of PHP 5.2.

Aptana is also one of the greatest IDE for Javascript, and HTML+CSS editing is also a step further than in NetBeans (code completion for CSS selectors, based on HTML).

Aptana also has support for Smarty template engine, which is great for me.

Best part - no installation required. Just unzip and run. It only requires JRE to be installed, and most of us do have it installed. And, it may create conflicts with Eclipse projects, so for a clean experiment, open a project that contains no Eclipse service files.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
SciTE is quite good for an advanced, lightweight editor. Only downside in this scenario is that you'll have to add code completion and file tree via plugins. Thankfully plugins are very simple to make.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
I use sublimeText or Brackets or Atom. Their are small and do not require hight performance.

Sublime Text 3

Brackets

Atom IDE
    
    
Title: How to write, compile and run C# for free (in Windows)
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is it possible to use C# for free? Which tools would you use?


For fun/studying: I'm pretty sure you can, but still, the tools question remains.
For programs you wish to sell? 


The tools I'm looking for:


IDE (as complete as possible: debugging, refactoring, libraries, IntelliSense etc.) - also, if it's not included in the IDE, compiler.
Unit Testing,
Documenting (extracting comments as with JavaDoc),
Deploying.


Other suggestions for nice free tools are also welcome.

Note that IMO, Visual Studio Express is NOT offering all these tools.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
IDEs:


Visual Studio 2017 Community. It has a subset of Professional Edition's features, but all that you have mentioned. You may want to Compare Visual Studio 2017 Editions. High school and university students are eligible for free licence of VS Professional from Dreamspark.
Sharp Develop
Mono Develop


standalone compiler:


csc.exe, vbc.exe and msbuild.exe are a part of .NET Framework. Windows SDK tools is also free. Or you can use compiler from Mono project.




Unit Testing:


NUnit, mbUnit, xUnit and many, many others.


Documenting: (extracting comments JavaDoc-style)


GhostDoc - not for Express Edition


Deploying:


NAnt, Cruse Control .NET

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
While OP says:

Visual Studio Express is NOT offering all this tools as claimed!

What doesn't C# Express provide that you want?

serious deploying, unit testing, documenting

Yet, IMO you can do that with Visual Studio Express.
Deployment
Visual Studio Deployment projects are certainly missing from Visual Studio Express, but frankly that's not much of an omission. The whole feature is half baked, good enough to tick off a feature list, good enough for toy deployments but, arguably, not really up to the rigors of the real world.
Windows Installer XML (WiX) is an open source toolkit from Microsoft for creating installers. The installer for Microsoft Office 2007 was reportedly built with WiX, so it's reasonable to believe that it can handle any smaller case.
Another installation tool is the Nullsoft Scriptable Install System, perhaps easier to understand than WiX, but also not using with the MSI technology built into Windows and therefore harder to manage in the Enterprise case.
Unit Testing
The Microsoft testing framework is MSTest, and while it's up to the task, it's not the leader of the pack. In fact, if you google around for reactions to MSTest, you'll find many who think it a ripoff of NUnit.
There was a time that you could integrate any of the test tools into Visual Studio Express, using Test Driven.Net, though that no longer works.
What does work is to use the external runner programs for your unit testing tool - all of the major unit testing frameworks come with them. When using VS Express myself, I tend to have the test runner hanging around in the background; rerunning tests then just involves a task switch.
NUnit is the grandaddy of the .NET testing frameworks, and it works very well. There are others around though, such as mbUnit and xUnit.
Documentation
No version of Visual Studio has a good story for documentation. In fact, they all have the same story - a compiler switch to generate XML files based on the documentation comments.
To convert those XML files into real documentation, you need other tools. NDoc used to be the standard, but that project is unfortunately now dead (quite a sad tale). Sandcastle (another Microsoft Open Source project) is likely to become the new gold standard, but the tool isn't yet as mature and easy to use as we would like. DocU is a new release in this field, might be worth followup.
Conclusions
As you can see, there are good ways to achieve the goals you want, even using Visual Studio Express. In fact, there are only two things you'll gain from moving up to a paid version of Visual Studio.

You'll get MSTest, if you want it.
You'll be able install extensions/plugins like TestDriven.NET and Resharper.

For someone getting started, I don't think the value proposition is there. Start with the free tools and spend money when you have enough experience to spend it well.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    

IDE (as complete as possible, debugging, refactoring, libraries, intellisense, ...) =a href="http://sharpdevelop.net/" rel="noreferrer"/a/lilibr
Answer 4: 

    
    
You can download Visual Studio Express. It includes all that you are asking for. Here is the linky :)

Good luck!

http://www.microsoft.com/express/download/
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    

Visual C# express edition
Visual C# express edition
Nunit
SandCastle
Don't know , I'll let someone else answer that.

    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Look at Visual C# Express for your IDE and compiler, NDoc for your documentation, MbUnit or NUnit for unit testing, and I believe C# Express will handle deployment as well.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Visual Studio 2008 Express, (or Visual C# 2008 Express, if you don't want to use other languages) is a good choice. It's free.

Non-Microsoft, try SharpDevelop

Edit: if you are a student, and your university is MSDN AA certificated, you can get Visual Studio 2008 Professional for free. Yes, free.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
http://www.microsoft.com/express/vcsharp/

https://www.dreamspark.com/Products/ProductList.aspx (if you're a student:)
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
Also look at WiX for deploying - this allows you to create MSI files.
    
    
Title: Tools Commonly used to Program in R
Description: 
    
    
                    
I apologize if this has already been asked a different way but I couldn't find anything getting at what I wanted.

I am really getting into R from other packages (SPSS).  As I learn about what truly can be done, I realize that there are additional "tools" that I need.  This gets me to my question. 

What setup do you have for developing R code?  I can't see myself actually developing r packages anywhere in the near future, but I do see myself wanting to manage my r projects effeciently, as well as create reports and presentations in LaTeX.  

For context, I develop my R code in Eclipse for Windows, but I have had a real hard time successfully setting up Latex/Sweave and Github plugins.  

Lastly, do you develop code using Windows or something else?

Many thanks in advance for any insight you can lend.   
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Emacs has everything I commonly need: 


ESS (for R), 
AucTeX (for Latex), 
similarly rich 'modes' for other languages I use (C++, make, shell, ...), 
plus a lot of other modes you get quite used to as e.g. dired for directory/file browsing or org-mode as planner/to-do list, 
the SVN integration is very good too
and there are probably a number of tools within Emacs I am now forgetting. 


Works in text mode as well as graphical mode, and works essentially the same (incl ESS and AucTeX) on several operating systems (Linux mostly and Windows when I must).  On Debian/Ubuntu all this is prepackaged and tends to work out of the box as well. For both Windows and OS X, Vincent Goulet has package very handy bundles, see here.

The 'daemon mode' is outstanding too -- I keep the same main Emacs session running and just connect and re-connect to it even when accessing the machine (via ssh or directly) from different computers.

Also see the EmacsWiki for more tips around Emacs.

Back to Emacs and R in particular. The R FAQ says it pretty well: 


6.1 Is there Emacs support for R?
6.2 Should I run R from within Emacs?


and I like the affirmative and resounding answer to the second question: "Yes, definitely".  I fully concur.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I'll second the suggestion that Emacs compliments R nicely, but let me share what the "killer feature" is for me.

Using Org-mode with Org-babel, I can write whole reports with inline graphs produced from R in raster and vector format which compiles seamlessly into a PDF report via latex. I can also view the graphs while editing, similar to a WYSIWYG editor.

I just wrapped up a major report with over 70 inline graphs with little effort, no editing external files, no issues maintaining naming between figures in my report and external files, or forgetting to recompile the latest version of a figure. Org &amp; Babel does it all.

Org-mode:
http://orgmode.org/

Org-Babel:
http://orgmode.org/worg/org-contrib/babel/index.php

Example of inline R with Babel and PDF output, see the first example in multiple formats:
http://orgmode.org/worg/org-contrib/babel/languages/ob-doc-R.php

Enjoy!
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
This is probably more relevant for package development, but it is also worth mentioning the roxygen R package that allows in-source documentation of your code. Note that even though you can't see yourself developing R packages anywhere in the near future, a package can be a very handy way of grouping related functions you develop and maintain, consistently documenting the code and keeping track of updates, even if you do not plan to distribute it.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I use a mac, and my most important tools are:


the command line, for running R
git, for keeping track of changes
github for publishing my code, bug tracking and collaboration
textmate for writing R code

    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Has anyone tried RStudio? It's the shiny new editor for R.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I use windows... (don't say it). 

I like Notepad++ and NPPtoR. Makes it pretty easy to send things back and forth. 
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I use Eclipse on Windows and Linux. I compile LaTeX code (with Sweave) on Linux and I haven't bothered yet to set up the whole process in Eclipse. I need to pdflatex and bibtex files several times anyway, so I just have a terminal window with the specific string of commands handy. I tried ESS and Eclipse and they're very similar in functionality (and in my opinion the best two editors out there).
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
I use Eclipse / StatEt on Windows, and it Rocks !.  For LaTex/Sweave I use MikTex which works well for me.  For help setting things up check out this document and this post.

Other Tools you may find useful include;


If you want to build R Packages on
Windows, then get the RTools 
For
Creating Documents, you may want to
check out odfWeave,
LibreOffice (was OpenOffice) and
the MSOffice ODF plugin 
I have also
dabbled with Git but also didn't get
very far on Windows, but that was a
while ago. 
For Presentations in LaTex
I recomend Beamer

    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
I use Eclipse for both R and Latex while working on research papers. The plugins for both are very mature now. The nice thing is that you don't have to switch application while writing papers. I used different combination before but I found this to be the best.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
I just got home from our local R User meeting (find one near you here) and of the 20 or so people there, all of us used a different program or tool to write R code in.  I think that goes to show the diversity of the tools used to write and edit R code is just as diverse as the R community itself.
    
    
Title: How to use OpenCV with IntelliJ IDEA 12
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm trying to use IntelliJ IDEA 12 to develop OpenCV 2.4.5 applications in Java. I've followed the instructions for Eclipse from the website here.

The problem I am running into is that I can add the jar to my library but I don't know how to add the natives to my classpath. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
In order to use native libraries in Java you need to specify java.library.path system property, so that JVM knows where to look for them.

In IntelliJ this be can be done in Run/Debug Configuration -
Answer 2: 

    
    

Download OpenCV-2.4.5-android-sdk.zip from OpenCV
site
Extract to where ever as OpenCV-2.4.5-android-sdk, mine happened to be 


  /home/anthony/Documents/OpenCV-2.4.5-android-sdk/

Open IntelliJ and choose Import
Select the folder to import


  /home/anthony/Documents/OpenCV-2.4.5-android-sdk/sdk/java/


 yours will be a little different, 
 don't worry, just chose where you 
 extracted OpenCV-2.4.5-android-sdk

Once the Import wizard finishes, build the app with menu



  Build -/p/blockquoteulli/li/ulhrulli/lili/li/ulblockquotep
Answer 3: 

    
    
I think things have changed a little since the previous answers were posted and I have tried them right now (opencv 2.4.9) and wanted to add a few things:

From the beginning:

first execute from terminal cmake -DBUILD_SHARED_LIBS=OFF opencv-2.4.9/ from the folder "above" the open-cv document that you have just extracted, then execute make -j8, this might take a while..

Now, in Intellij go to File | Project Structure, and choose Global Libraries, and add the open-cv jar that is located under opencv/bin.

In that point, if you'll try to run one of the examples you'll probably get something like Exception in thread "main" java.lang.UnsatisfiedLinkError: no opencv_java249 in java.library.path

Next, as dlx.folmead1 suggested above, go to Run | Edit Configuration, and add to VM options -Djava.library.path=/absolute-path-to/opencv/lib

Of course, it is always a good idea to take a look at open-cv's documentation about java and open-cv
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
None of these answers helped me with my solution. I found this: https://github.com/ctodobom/OpenCV-3.1.0-Android and it is, by far, the easiest solution for android.
-edit-
To use this, you do have to have a Github repository that you want, but the steps are as follows.
1. Find the GitHub repo
2. Add maven { url 'https://jitpack.io' } to the project/build.gradle.
3. Then, inside of your app/build.gradle add compile 'com.github.ctodobom:OpenCV-3.1.0-Android:-SNAPSHOT' This has the github website along with the username, the repo, and the first of the repo. This will link it into your application.
-Edit- Additionally, if this method doesn't actually work for you as it did for me, then try using JavaCV. When I first implemented this method, it seemed like it worked because the IDE was reading that all of the functions were valid and I would get no errors. It was reading it but not importing so in some occasions, it would work as expected but it some occasions it would not. Therefore, it can work for you but I eventually went to JavaCV, which is far easier to work with in my opinion.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
In order to run any programs that utilize OpenCV you need to make sure that the OpenCV binary is on the java.library.path aka. Environment Variable 'Path' should contain the path to your opencv_java***.dll file. Whenever java runs an external library it needs to know where to find the binary files for your specific OS. In my case, Windows 10 x64:

D:\software\opencv\build\java\x64\opencv_java420.dll


Make sure to change the directory above to match yours. Ensure you are using the proper binary for your OS.

If you're strictly looking for dependency management go to your OpenCV folder and find the opencv-***.jar file inside the program directory:

D:\software\opencv\build\java\opencv-420.jar


We need to add this jar file as a dependency in Gradle, so in your build.gradle file add the following to your dependencies:

compile fileTree(dir: 'D:\\software\\opencv\\build\\java\\', includes: ['*jar'])


Make sure to change the directory name above to match yours.

You can also keep the dependencies inside the project directory, creating a 'libs' folder in your project root, and changing the above directory to libs. This can be helpful for organization or maintaining the library version of software you might otherwise update.
    
    
Title: Finding division by zero in a big project
Description: 
    
    
                    
Recently, our big project began crashing on unhandled division by zero. No recent code seems to contain any likely elements so it may be new data sets affecting old code. The problem is the code base is pretty big, and running on an embedded device with no comfortable debug access (debug is done by a lot of printf()s over serial console, there is no gdb for the device and even if there was, the binary compiled with debug symbols wouldn't fit).

The most viable way would likely be to find all the division operations (they are relatively infrequent), and analyze code surrounding each of them to see if any of the divisor variables was left unguarded. 

The question is then either how to find all division operations in a big (~200 files, some big) C++ project, or, if you have a better idea how to locate the error, please give them.

extra info: project runs on embedded ARM9, a small custom Linux distro, crosscompiled with Cygwin/Windows crosstools, IDE is Eclipse but there's also Cygwin with all the respective goodies. Thing is the project is very hardware-specific, and the crashes occur only when running at full capacity, all the essential interconnected modules active. Restricted "fault mode" where only bare bones are active doesn't create them.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Finding all of the divisions shouldn't be hard with a custom grep search. You can easily distinguish that usage from other usages of the / and % character in C++.

Also, if you know what you are dividing, you could globally overload the / and % operator to have a __FILE__ and __LINE__ informing assertion. If using a makefile, it shouldn't be hard to include the custom operator code in all the linked files without touching the code.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I think the most direct step, would be to try to catch the unhandled exception and generate a dump or printf stack information or similar.

Take a look at this question or just search in google for info relating to exception catching in your particular environment.

By the way, I think that the division could happen as a result of a call to an external library, so it's not 100% sure that you'll find the culprit just by greping your code.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
If I remember right, the ARM9 doesn't have hardware divide so it's going to be implemented in a function call the compiler makes whenever it has to perform a division.

See if your toolset implements the divide by zero handling in the same way as ARM's toolset does (it's likely that it does something at least similar).  If so, you can install a handler that gets called when the problem occurs and you can printf() registers and stack so that you can determine where the problem is occurring.  A possible similar alternative is that your small Linux distro is throwing a signal you can catch.

I'm not sure how you're getting your information that a divide by zero is occurring, but if it's because the runtime is spitting out a message to that effect, you always have the option of finding out where that is handled in the runtime, and replacing it with your own more informative message. However, I'd guess that there's a more 'architected' way to get your code to run (a signal handler or ARM's technique).
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
You should use this as an excuse to invest in improving the debug-ability of your device - for both this problem and future issues. Even if you can't get live debugging, you should be able to find a way to generate and save off core dumps for post-mortem debugging (pinpointing the source or any unhandled exception immediately).
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
PC-Lint might help, it's like Findbugs for C++.   It is a commercial product but there is a 30 money back guarantee.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Handle the exception.

Usually the exception will be handed a structure that contains the address that caused the exception and other information.  You will probably have to become familiar with the microcontroller's datasheet or RTOS manual.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Use the -save-temps for gcc and find the relevant assembly for division in the generated .s file.  If you're lucky it will be something fairly distinctive, possibly even a function call.  If it's a function call you can use weak linking to override it with your own checked version.  Otherwise locating the divisions in the assembly should give you a very good idea where they are in the C/C++ code and you can instrument them directly.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
usually you could modify/override the divide-by-zero exception handler  if you have access to the exception handler routines.
in case of ARM, the division is done by a library routine. and there are mechanisms to inform the user-code, when a divide by zero occurs.

see http://infocenter.arm.com/help/index.jsp?topic=/com.arm.doc.faqs/ka4061.html

i would suggest to provide a __rt_raise()  as said in the page above.

__rt_raise(2,2) will get called when the divide routine detects a divide by zero.
so you can print the LR register.
and then use addr2line to crossref it against the source line
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
The only way to find those conditions is the usual:


try to reproduce the problem without looking at the source (as the bug already happened you should have info on the part of the program that is affected)
if found, check the source for this point and fix it, otherwise:
2.1. grep for each / not followed by a * or / (grep "/[^/*]" i think)
2.2. find the conditions for which the code is executed and reproduce it

    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
The exception already has the address location of the offending divide by zero code. The CPU saves register contents when a exception occurs including the PC(program counter). Your OS should pass this information along (I assumes that is how you know it is divide by zero). Print the address and go look in your code. If you can print a stack trace it would be even easier to solve.

Another option would be to check the differences in your version control software between the last know working version and the first non working version. This should give you a limmited change set within which to search for the problem.
    
    
Title: Visual Studio 2008: Is it worth the upgrade from 2005?
Description: 
    
    
                    
As of the fall of 2008 I'm about to embark on a new development cycle for a major product that has a winforms and an asp.net interface.  We use Telerik, DevExpress and Infragistics components in it and all are going to have a release within a month or so which will be the one I target for our spring release of our product.  

They all support VS2005 and we will continue to target .net 2+ so I can't see any compelling reason so far to upgrade to VS2008.

Has anyone found a compelling reason for upgrading to VS2008?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
If you have a release within a month, I'd suggest not upgrading.  Make the upgrade to 2k8 part of the next major release ... no reason you should risk something not working quite the same or some other complication if everything is working as is.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
It's worth it. It's faster, the designer is vastly improved (split view, faster context switching), it has better support for javascript and when you're ready to target 3.5, you'll be ready to go.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
These are Microsoft's 10 reasons to upgrade (.DOC):


LINQ support
Same designer elements as Microsoft Expression (Web and Blend)
AJAX and WCF/REST
Better WPF support
Improved MSTEST (also included in Professional edition)
Improved HTML, CSS, and JavaScript editors
Choose from Project settings which version of the framework to target
Improved Office dev tools, including ribbon UI and Click-Once support 
Integrated WCF and WWF support
Better performance and stability

    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Yes, it's definately worth the upgrade. I would actaully say go straight to VS2008 SP1 as well. There have been a lot of IDE improvements (usability features and speed) and improvements in the web development experience as well including better JS and CSS support.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
To add to John's post, there is also built in unit testing, built in refactoring, code analysis, and the web designer for html\javascript is vastly improved.  I can't think of any reason why you wouldn't upgrade.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
It is worth the upgrade for me for the main reason that I can target different .NET versions (2, 3, 3.5) from the same IDE whereas in the past, one version of Visual Studio supported one version of .NET.

The UI seems much more responsive now, but the core set of tools and processes hasn't changed that much.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
The new C# language features are compelling for me:

automatic properties, object initializers, collection initializers, extension methods, lambda expressions.

For a quick overview from the guy responsible, see:
http://weblogs.asp.net/scottgu/archive/2007/03/08/new-c-orcas-language-features-automatic-properties-object-initializers-and-collection-initializers.aspx
http://weblogs.asp.net/scottgu/archive/2007/03/13/new-orcas-language-feature-extension-methods.aspx
http://weblogs.asp.net/scottgu/archive/2007/04/08/new-orcas-language-feature-lambda-expressions.aspx
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
I agree with Mr. Martinez in that I wouldn't port any existing projects up to the 3.5 framework, but the split designer and javascript debugging is worthwhile on its own.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
Upgrade, you will not regret it in the slightest. In particular, Linq is going to make your life so much easier. There there are the extensions for c#.

That's barely touching the surface, there is certainly new toys in the area you are developing as well, either web, desktop or server.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
I'd upgrade, but set aside some time for the install process. It took two hours on my moderately fast dev workstation, and I'm still doing updates, patches, hotfixes, two hours after the install finished...  (haven't gotten any "real work" done today at all!)
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
It is helpful in the particular case you describe.  Consider the following:

1) You are at the start of a development cycle.  It is always easier to make these types of changes at the start of or between cycles as opposed to in the middle of one.  Given this principle, your next convenient time to upgrade (if the schedule is not delayed) would be next Spring.  

2) VS2008 allows for the compiler to target any specific .NET runtime version including 2.0 if you need to continue supporting an older framework.

Also, as some of the other answers have suggested, go straight to SP1.  The service pack upgrade experience was not nearly as big of an ordeal as VS2005 SP1... at least in my experience.
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
VS 2008 is not the point. The latest .Net package is the point. You can use Linq and all the other new Features with notepad and the commandline compiler but i guess that is more theoretical. So my statement is yes, .net 3.5 is the recommendation but using it without VS 2008 isn't a good idea.
    
    
Title: How can I speed up the compile / publish time of Flash IDE projects
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm sick of waiting hours for Flash to publish. .NET / VisualStudio projects are WAAAAY faster - is that only compiling the classes that have changed?

Update: Does the Flash IDE re-encode all your sounds and images every time you publish? Can't it cache them somewhere?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
In Flash CS4, disabling Warnings Mode speeds up code compilation by about 30% (still quite slow). Strict Mode also, but I'm not sure to what extent.

As for library assets, the optimal speed is achieved by setting JPEGs to "Use imported JPEG data" and PNGs/GIFs as "Loosless PNG/GIF".
As for sounds, I'm not 100% sure, but I think that ADPCM/mono-to-stereo/5kHz/2bit was the fastest.
The [Embed] tag might also help (it doesn't do any convertion) but it includes quite a bit of Flex code.

And as a tip, in Flash CS4 you can batch select assets in the library and apply settings, so you can easily set the optimal speed settings while on development and then change them for deploy.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Uncheck "Warnings Mode" in File 
Answer 3: 

    
    
For me it turned out that I removed the character filter on my text fields. This seems innocuous, but in fact it has to embed every fracking glyph it can which resulted in a huge swf file that took forever to compile! Anyhow, definitely check that - I think a lot of people could easily overlook this.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
You could try to split up your application to separate .swf files and then load them from the main movie.

Also it might be worth to look at your environment. Maybe your machine is running out of RAM, you are using an network drive or your hard disk is encrypted.

Also if the application is getting that big, is Flash really the right technology?
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
The compiler is just plain slow in the Flash IDE. I can understand the slowness if you have a lot of images in the library that have to be re-exported, but the compiler is inexplicably slow when only compiling code as well.

For example, I have a super basic Away3d scene that requires five full seconds to compile (no library assets). The exact same code compiles in Flex in less than a second. I don't know what's different between the two compilers, but doing any project with a heavy code base in the Flash IDE is just plain painful. As the project grows you'll have to wait longer and longer. 

If you're doing a 3D project or something that requires a lot of code compilation, I recommend doing an Actionscript-only project in Flex/Flash Builder. Maybe CS5 will have a better compiler...
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
You might want to check your character embedding -- If you accidentally click Embed all characters it could embed 1000s of characters, it would significantly slow down your publishing speed
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
It all depends on your project. I know of some animators that use Flash for publishing broadcast content and that usually takes a long time to publish. There's no getting around it for them. Otherwise, if it takes hours to publish an SWF that will be viewed on the web, then you're probably not going about things the right way. 

Additionally, a few obvious culprits that immediately increase the time that it takes to compile a SWF are embedded video and embedded sound. The more items the IDE must compress for output (this includes images too), the longer it will take to compile.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
You can't make the Flash IDE cache embedded media (but images won't be reencoded if you import PNGs/GIFs and set the compression to lossless in the library). But if it's a web project you should be loading media from external files anyway, so you don't have to preload all data before anything shows up on the user's screen. You can either load (or even stream) the media files directly or embed them in a separate SWF and load from there, but I don't recommend the latter as it adds unnecessary complexity.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
When compiling is too slow, I usually strip down the library - read load images (png, jpg) and sound via URLRequest.

Usually the thing that really slows down the compiler is importing illustrator (ai) files.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
disable warnings in the Publish Settings 
Answer 11: 

    
    
If you're even willing to change languages you could use Haxe. It compiles to SWF and is incredibly fast at compiling.  It's probably not worth it to change to a different language at the point where you have hour long compile times, but look into it when you are starting your next large project.
    
    
Title: Axis error about runtime location
Description: 
    
    
                    
The error is:

Exception occurred while reading or
writing file {0}The Axis2 facets
cannot be installed since the Axis2
runtime location has not been set.  Go
to the Web Services preference page
and set the Axis2 runtime location
under Axis2 Preferences.

In the preferences mentioned, the location is set correctly and in fact, it says "Axis2 runtime loaded successfully" after loadign the correct runtime location. So what's going on? Any solutions other than re-installing eclipse or creating a new workspace?

I am using  Axis2 1.4.1 and eclipse. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Re-check your axis version used with Eclipse (to be sure), as illustrated by this thread.

And try the procedure described here, and illustrated by this tutorial.


  Choose the Axis2 war file's folder location in the Eclipse dialog at:


Window -&gt; Preferences -&gt; Web Services -&gt; Axis2 Emitter 


Or if it still does not work:


  Actually we found out that if you simply create a dummy web service with Axis2, the problem will also go away


Or:


  It happens when your org.apache.axi2.facet plugin directory is corrupted (missing exploadedwar?).
  The best way to fix this is copy over a good copy of that from another workspace (create a new one) over your existing workspace. You can find the directory at /.metadata/.plugins/org.apache.axis2.facet.



    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Dobedani,

First download this file Apache Axis 2 Runtime Binary
extract the file contents, goto window -
Answer 3: 

    
    
just created a new dynamic web project and created a class then created a new web service from it, then imorted the old web service which worked this time
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I had a similar problem and followed the instructions here, but still had problem, I finally checked Window-
Answer 5: 

    
    
The way it worked for me is slightly different. After I copied the exploadedwar folder I deleted all axis related jar files from \lib and copied them from original axis2-1.6.1\lib. It worked..
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
Sorry, but I didn't find the explanations on the web very clear. For less nerdy developers like myself I would like to add that Axis2 cannot be installed via the Eclipse update manager: you need to indeed download and install Axis2 yourself. There are additional plugins available though that can be installed with the update manager: Axis2 Tools &amp; SDK. BTW, I found a directory org.apache.axis_1.4.0.v200905122109 in my plugins folder but that is old stuff. HTH
Kind regards,
Dobedani
    
    
Title: Un-indentation in Netbeans
Description: 
    
    
                    
In netbeans, if I select some text and press Tab, it works correctly and the text is indented to the right side as expected.

But if I then try to backspace behind the text, it only removes one space at a time. Very annoying.

Is there any way to change this setting, so backspacing behind a tabbed line causes the whole tab to be removed and not just 1 space?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I don't use Netbeans (anymore), but usually the shortcut for this is Shift+Tab.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Its worth mentioning that ALT+SHIFT+UP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT will indent left or right and also allow you to move the line(s) up or down. Its a pretty handy feature.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Alt-Shift-F (Formatting code) also can be helpful.
Select code block which needs re-indentation and do Alt-Shift-F.
    
    
Title: What IDE to use for developing in Ruby on Rails on Windows? [duplicate]
Description: 
    
    
                        
            
        
            
                
                    
                        This question already has answers here:
                        
                    
                
            
                Closed 7 years ago.
        


    


  Possible Duplicate:
  What Ruby IDE do you prefer?  




I've generally been doing stuff on Microsoft .NET out of college almost 2 years ago. I just started looking at Ruby on Rails. So what editor should I use? I'm using Notepad++ right now but can I get debugging etc. somehow?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Try both NetBeans and RadRails for maybe a week each, then you can find which works best for you.  The best advice is to learn your tool.  If you are not checking out something new about your editor, something that could potentially save you time (regexp, etc) then you are doing yourself a huge disservice.

I have been using Eclipse/Aptana/RadRails and unlike Gaius have been pretty happy with it.
I recommend the Eclipse IDE for Java Developers from Eclipse Downloads: http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/

Then grab Aptana Studio, following these instructions.

When Eclipse restarts Aptana will have a view, click on rad rails and you are good to go.  Just make sure you have ruby installed already, or it becomes a pain to resolve.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Aptana Studio

I use it for all web development - HTML, CSS, PHP, JavaScript, Rails...

EDIT: For full disclosure, I'm biased toward Aptana and RadRails as I know a few members of the original RadRails dev team.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
rubyMine is the most full featured IDE for Rails at the current time (2012).

Personally, for rails development I had used Eclipe for several months and then netBeans for several weeks and rubyMine is clearly better than them.

It's great in all the areas that count - code views, search and replace, source control management, testing, debugging and it's got features like viewing a model dependency diagram that are really neat.

It isn't free - cost about $50-$100.  This has recently become a key positive criteria for me.  Too many "free" products that I invest thousands of hours getting proficient in eventually die and stop being developed but paid products pay for continued development.  I've become weary of investing a lot of time and energy into such products only to have them wither and die.  Given the hundreds of thousands of dollars one earns from rails development a $100 tool is a bargain.

Despite how much I love rubyMine I still use vim along side it.  Sometimes my tasks works better with vim, sometimes with rubyMine.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I've been very happy with E. It's pretty lightweight and supports TextMate snippets and commands, which means you get access to a huge set of Rails-specific helpers.

However, it is decidedly an editor and not an IDE, so you won't get debugging, built in console, etc. But I've found that for Rails projects I prefer a light editor and a shell (like Console) for tests, debugging, etc.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
I've been using Aptana/Eclipse/RadRails, but if I were to do it again, I'd definitely try NetBeans.  Aptana has been a major headache.

I've never used IronRuby, but that might make you feel more at home.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
The Netbeans IDE is a good, all around editor for many languages.  I'm pretty sure the 6.5 beta has support for Ruby on Rails, along with Javascript and a few other web languages.  It's worth checking out (Netbeans.org).
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Sapphire in Steel integrates with Visual Studio.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
I mainly code ColdFusion or PHP (and JS/CSS/xHTML), but have dabbled in a bit of RoR. RadRails/Apatana has been great for me, because it's built on Eclipse, which I was already using for my other work. It also integrates with Subversion via the Subclipse plugin. 

The Eclipse platform is so extensible that it's worth investing a bit of time in to learn, but then again I like having a single IDE rather than having to switch between different apps.

I briefly looked at Netbeans, but TBH Eclipse just felt better for me, and Aptana itself is great when you come to do anything in JavaScript.

YMMV...
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
I use Emacs on Windows.

Installing and configuring it to work with rails is a pain though.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
I found Geany to be a lightweight alternative (which works on linux as well with little modification), although I am checking out Gedit for features that not present or implemented as well in Geany.
    
    
Title: Is it me, or is Eclipse horribly unpredictable?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I recently started using Eclipse at work for my Java servlet projects.  I've been using jEdit for years, which is a uber-powerful text editor.  It has syntax highlighting, but it doesn't have any language-specific features like code completion and intelligent refactoring.  I'm finding that's hindering my productivity.  I desperately want to like Eclipse.  I really do.  But I keep running into problem after problem.  


Now that Eclipse can use an ant script to build, instead of just creating its own build environment from an ant script then ignoring any changes to it, I found some online guides and set it up.  It doesn't seem ready for prime time, though.  My ant script builds fine from the command line, but I get all these build errors because I need to tell Eclipse all this stuff the build.xml already has in it, like the CLASSPATH, and where external jars are.
When I leave Eclipse running for too long, or sometimes after my laptop wakes up from hibernate, the UI starts breaking.  For instance, the tabs on the editor pane disappear, so I can only edit one file at a time, and it doesn't say which one it is.
We have faced several instances where classes weren't rebuilt that should have been, leading to inaccurate line numbers in debugging walkthroughs and other unpredictable behavior (this isn't just me; the two other developers trying it out with me are seeing the same thing).
I find it a huge hassle that the workspace is in a different place than my source code.  I have other files I need to edit (xml files, etc), and for each directory I want to edit files in, I need to set up a special entry, and it doesn't even default to where my source code is when setting that up.


Do others face these same issues?

Are there better alternatives?  
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Try NetBeans


  A free, open-source Integrated
  Development Environment for software
  developers. You get all the tools you
  need to create professional desktop,
  enterprise, web, and mobile
  applications with the Java language,
  C/C++, and Ruby.

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Eclipse works best if you leave the project folder structure to its management. We are working with 15 developers on a project of several thousand classes and even more XML and .properties files.

I agree there are problems with ANT integration, so for production and nightly builds I recommend an external build system based on ANT scripts started from a shell.

However while working in Eclipse make sure you have the automatic build feature on (it should be by default, but checking does not hurt). This should free you from any concerns regarding what to build and when. Sometimes (very rarely for me) there are problems when I have to switch of the automatic build, clean all projects and trigger a manual build via the menu. From time to time I have to trigger the build multiple times (not the cleaning!), but once everything has been built again, turning the auto-build on works great again.

As for long running instances: My machine keeps logged in basically all the time (day and night) and there are at least two Eclipse instances running at all times. I have not seen any problems with these sessions, even when they remain open for literally weeks.

Most of the problems I have seen in the 5 years I have been using Eclipse originated from people installing too many plugins - the only stuff I have added is Checkstyle, the "implementors plugin" and some proprietary stuff for the application framework we are using.

Maybe you can try using a rather clean Eclipse installation the "usual way" for a while (i. e. with the sources imported to the workspace folder).

Regarding NetBeans: I use it from time to time as well, but I think it is a matter of taste and I like Eclipse better. This may be different for you.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I love IntelliJ, but it's commercial. Eclipse feels like a buggy, half-hearted knockoff compared to it. To the point that IntelliJ's worth the cost.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Eclipse can be quite a change, especially coming from something like just a text editor, or Visual Studio


try to let Eclipse build the project itself, without the help of ant. Leave ant to a handwritten build.xml file to build the project from the command line outside of eclipse, e.g., on yer build/release machine.
low on memory?
are you going back and forth between building the project w/ant and then having Eclipse trying to build the project too? i.e., are the builds "fighting" with each other? see 1.
yes, one of the things that you would need to get used to... accept, rather than fight, the "eclipse way"; you have to put your working source files somewhere, then why not in Eclipse's workspace folder?


hope that helps/makes sense
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Like some other people already have suggested: there are more good Java IDEs besides Eclipse. The strong point of Eclipse is the plug-in system. There's a wealth of functionality available and some of it is indeed very good. That said: I do not use Eclipse, but NetBeans at the moment. NetBeans feels less clunky, is more responsive and has a cleaner feel. 

When my main job was Java programming I've used IntelliJ a lot. IMHO IntelliJ beats both NetBeans and Eclipse as far as coding is concerned. It's faster, has better refactoring possibilities, better search, quick navigation and the list goes on.

To a large extent, picking an IDE is a matter of taste, as well as experience. A lot of people feel more happy with the devil they know...
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
For issue number 1, you can setup custom builders for eclipse.  To do so, right click on the Project and select Properties.  On the left there is a item called Builders, select that.

Based off of what you are saying, you will want to remove the Java builder and replace it with a new Ant Builder.  This can be done by clicking New and selecting Ant Builder.  This will bring up a some configuration to fill out.

In the configuration, the two most important parts are the Build File in the Main tab and the Targets tab.

For issue 4, I would recommend having your project try to be independent of its location on disc.  That way everything is in the same tree.  Otherwise, the solution would be to setup external directories.  From what it sounds like, not everything is in the same 'source tree', which brings up source control issues.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Partial, hopefully helpful answer to


  4. I find it a huge hassle that the workspace is in a different place than my source code. I have other files I need to edit (xml files, etc), and for each directory I want to edit files in, I need to set up a special entry, and it doesn't even default to where my source code is when setting that up.


... you can configure the location of both your workspace and your source code, if you want.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
Most of my time in Eclipse has been spent doing ColdFusion so I can't speak to ANT scripts or compilation. I too noticed that odd things would be more likely to happen if Eclipse was left running for an excessive amount of time. Aside from that, most other buggy-ness could be resolved by making sure that my JRE was the latest version.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
As someone else has mentioned, try NetBeans, It's similar to Eclipse in that it is a platform that supports an IDE, and is plug-in based. Its build system is also already based around Ant, allowing you to tap in at various extension points. In general, I've found it a bit more stable than Eclipse as well, but YMMV.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
We have eclipse manage things the way it wants, and use ant4eclipse (a set of ant tasks) for continuous builds. Works great!
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
Eclipse is a great tool. Hardly ever had problems with it in the many years that I've used it. It always amazes me how so many people can have problems with it. Then again, I'm using it as a fairly basic editor. I'm either lucky or my lack of problems stems from the fact that I'm not expecting it to be much more than a smart editor.
    
    
Title: Aptana Studio 3 - variable highlighting enable
Description: 
    
    
                    
All,

Somehow, I have managed to disable 'variable/ element highlighting' in Aptana Studio 3.

Online search brought up someone's advice to enable 'Highlight current line option in the General 
Answer 1: 

    
    
Since last release it's turned off by default, to activate it click on little marker icon on toolbar.

Found answer:  Minor Highlighting bugs on Mac, see comments:


  As noted on attached ticket, we've turned off mark occurrences by default until we are able to make some performance improvements. 


If you want it on, you can turn it on by clicking the Hightlight Pen icon in the toolbar == shortcut key Alt-Shift-O on Windows.
    
    
Title: Web Development in the Cloud
Description: 
    
    
                    
I was fortunate enough to try out the Google Cr-48 for the Chrome OS trial period. Ideally, Google wants testers to use it as their primary computer -- in my case, primary usage would be for web development. However I find it difficult to fulfill that role on a completely browser-based environment.

My requirements are very basic (Basic editor/SFTP), but without a desktop IDE or even a notepad equivalent its considerably difficult to accomplish anything in Chrome OS in terms of web development. Additionally, disk space and file management is incredibly limited in Chrome OS at this time, so even downloading site files on a temporary basis would not be very practical.

One idea would be to write a web-based IDE that performs SFTP on the server-side to fetch remote documents, edit in the browser, and have the server FTP it back on save.

Ideas?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
http://cloud9ide.com/

Cloud9 IDE is an in-the-cloud IDE with a server based on node.js (the server is GPL and Ajax.org has some other interesting stuff coming up). The editor itself is called "ACE" and we (Mozilla devtools) are in the process of merging Bespin with ACE to make Skywriter 1.0.

Short summary: Mozilla Skywriter is for people wanting to embed an editor in their web applications. Cloud9 IDE builds on the same editor to provide a complete coding-in-the-cloud solution.

(ObDisclaimer: I'm the manager of Mozilla devtools and have been involved with Bespin/Skywriter since before the project was publicly announced, so I have my biases :)
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
There is actually enough free disk space in the Cr-48 root partition to install Vim. I documented the steps I used to do that. Of course, you can also install nano or any other text-mode editor the same way, as long as disk space requirements are not too high.

The stock Cr-48 setup already has sftp.

If you download the files you're working on to the stateful partition, you have over 9GB of room to work in there. 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Action.IO is another great cloud development solution for a Chromebook.  They have multi-region support (US-East, US-West, Europe, SE Asia, Australia), so the application is really fast and the experience feels as though you're working locally.  

There's a full functioning linux shell in the WebIDE, and they support a number of standard web application templates (Ruby/Rails, Python/Django, Node.js, and Go).   

(Disclaimer: I helped build and co-founded Action.IO)
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
How about Mozilla Labs Skywriter/Bespin? 
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
My only idea would be to set up something like Ajaxterm on your web server and ssh into your web server to do web development. Some people like GUI-based text editors, but others use nothing but command-line editors (VI or Emacs, for example).
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
There are a few sites that offer the sort of features you're after, here are a couple:

http://coderun.com/ide/

http://www.uizard.org/
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
This one might help it's an online PHP IDE:

http://phpanywhere.net/
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
There's also http://www.net2ftp.com/ for basic FTP &amp; html editing.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
Although it was an old post, there is more advanced cloud development environment at koding. The best part of koding is, it gives real VM for free! And also has social activity feed to ask share experience.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
This goorm IDE might be new alternative

http://github.com/xenoz0718/goorm

npm install goorm -g
    
    
Title: PhpStorm function that change double quotes to single quotes in string
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm looking for a function in PhpStorm that transform the string like:

echo "my string: $var1, $var2, $var3";


into something like that:

echo 'my string: '.$var1.', '.$var2.', '.$var3';


Thanks in advance
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    

Install "PHP 1Up!" plugin and restart IDE.
Now you will have new intention available (accessible via Alt + Enter or via light bulb icon):






As others have already mentioned:


no noticeable speed gains
for possibly better readability, surround variables with {}, e.g. echo "my string: {$var1}, {$var2}, {$var3}";

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
First we have to do a little phpstorm setup.

Settings 
Answer 3: 

    
    
No way. You can explode it in concatenation by hands and then convert quotes:


With internal 'Replace quotes' action
Regexp find/replace
String manipulation plugin

    
    
Title: Shortcut to navigate members in Visual Studio
Description: 
    
    
                    
On top of  visual studio code editor, There are two drop down lists displays list  of classes and members in then selected class. See the picture below. What do you call them and what are the shortcuts? So that I can navigate to methods and members using keyboard.

I am using Vs 2010

Thanks


    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
CtrlF2Tab gets you there. Take a look at this link. Is there a hotkey in Visual Studio to open the member drop down list?
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Not strictly on topic but ReSharper has a shortcut for this Alt+\ 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Can use Edit -/pp/p/div
Answer 4: 

    
    
I guess it is Edit.ExpandCollapsableBaseTypeList (or something) in the Tools-Options-Keyboard.
If that doesn't work you can always record a macro and assign a shortcut key for that.
    
    
Title: VS 2008 - ctrl-tab behavior
Description: 
    
    
                    
As you may know, in VS 2008 ctrl+tab brings up a nifty navigator window with a thumbnail of each file. I love it, but there is one tiny thing that is annoying to me about this feature: the window stays around after releasing the ctrl key. When doing an alt+tab in windows, you can hit tab to get to the item you want (while still holding down the alt key), and then when you find what you want, lifting up on the alt key selects that item.

I wish VS 2008 would do the same. For me, when I lift off of ctrl, the window is still there. I have to hit enter to actually select the item. I find this annoying.

Does anyone know how to make VS 2008 dismiss the window on the release of the ctrl key?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You probably have the text-to-speech narrator enabled.

http://forums.microsoft.com/MSDN/ShowPost.aspx?PostID=2467648&amp;SiteID=1&amp;mode=1


  Just uncheck all checkboxes under
  "Text-To-Speech" narrator software.
  
  --strongkbd/kbdkbd/kbd/strongstrongkbd/kbd/strong/p/blockquotep/p/div
Answer 2: 

    
    
I found this behaviour when I was running VS2008 under windows 7 and had been using the magnifier app.

I suspect it would similarly occur under vista.

Basically I had zoomed all the way back out but not shut down the magnifier app. Once it was shut down, things returned to normal.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
This bloody thing is haunting me as well. Visual Studio 2008 SP1 and Windows 7 64-bit. Setting the registry key mentioned in this thread won't help. Sara Ford brags that she knows the right key (http://blogs.msdn.com/saraford/archive/2008/01/04/did-you-know-use-ctrl-tab-to-bring-up-the-ide-navigator-to-get-a-bird-s-eye-view-and-navigation-of-all-open-files-and-tool-windows-in-visual-studio.aspx) but she won't tell. I guess the marvelous tip is too large to fit on the margin of the page or something.

Also turning all the narrator options off or on doesn't help (but it does make me and my co-workers crazy.) As a bonus starting the narrator.exe (WIN-R narrator ENTER) starts up the windows magnifier (magnifier.exe) and it immediately zooms into molecule level without giving way to zoom back (ctrl +/-, win -/+, win-mouse wheel, esc doesn't work.) Have to kill it from task manager, which is bloody easy when each pixel is the size of a pick-up truck. Magnifier never starts up when you need it (supposed to start up with win-+), but it does occasionally go into mode where it starts up ON EACH BLOODY LOGIN, remote desktop or not. And zooms into atom scale with no way to get back. The later (week or so) it goes away. The control panel setting doesn't seem to help.

Also, I've had this sticky ctrl-tab issue at least twice to three times (right now I'm having it) and it has gone away after few weeks without clear reason why. I've just bit my teeth and gone on. But now I've had enough. 

Microsoft: I won't blame you on adding accessability features for disabled people, but for god's sake don't in-your-face them at me all the fscking time. Fix the bloody thing, all I'll make sure you're seriously need accessability features the rest of your life.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I worked around this issue reassigning the ctrl-tab shortcut key to Window.NextDocumentWindow instead of Window.NextDocumentWindowNav (IDE Navigator). None of the above workarounds fixed the problem for VS 2010 on Win 7.

MS needs to fix this issue!
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Strange.  My VS2008SP1 install exhibits your desired behavior (in a web application project).  I do not recall making any explicit changes.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
When "Windows Speech Recognition" is running (even though not listening to commands), the VS2010 exhibits this behavior. Exiting "Windows Speech Recognition" restores the default i.e. the selection can be changed by pressing Tab key again and again while keeping the Ctrl key pressed and document is selected as soon as Ctrl key is released.
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
Just in case anyone still needed a fix for this (I've encountered this behavior in VS2010) what you can do is:


Close VS
Enable sticky keys
Reopen VS
Disable sticky keys


This solved it for me.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
Check the "narrator" answer.  I'm pretty sure it's to allow time for the narrator to read the choices...  you can then "enter" the selection when you're sure of your choice.

Otherwise, check your 'sticky keys' settings (control panel\accessibility options\keyboard) and uncheck the options.
    
    
Answer 9: 

    
    
Just turning off the narrator didn't work for me.

What I did (besides unchecking the narrator stuff) was go to the Control panel's Ease of Access Center on each of the Explore All Settings screens, unchecked any options which were still checked, and then clicked Apply.

Once I did this, things went back to working.

Even if none of the checkboxes are checked on one of the explore all settings screen make sure to still click the Apply button, as it seems that just unchecking the narrator stuff does not always work - but clicking on the Apply button on the various sections will effectively reset and apply the settings.
    
    
Answer 10: 

    
    
I came across same issue with VS2012 today; It was all good -- releasing Ctrl key will activate the doc that had focus on that nifty pop up window.

My cause was 'Inspect' that I started using this morning. Apparently it holds the pop up window in order to give you more time to play around.

Simply kill 'Inspect', all back normal.
I don't know the fix to have 'Inspect' running &amp; normal behaviour at the same time.
    
    
Answer 11: 

    
    
Doesn't seem to happen to me.  But I wasn't aware of that feature before, and I just tried it today.  You might want to try installing Service Pack 1, as I also just installed that today, and the behaviour seems to have been fixed.
    
    
Answer 12: 

    
    
Maybe they changed it in SP1, but it works that way in mine.  Holding down CTRL, tab cycles through the pages.  When I let off of CTRL, it selects that page and disappears.  I never tried it before SP1, so can't tell you if it's new behavior.
    
    
Answer 13: 

    
    
Sounds to me like your keyboard has a stuck key. Try to find out if Control is sticking by running osk.exe (Windows built-in On-screen keyboard) which will show you what keys are being pushed.
    
    
Title: How to optimize IntelliJ IDEA for my specific project?
Description: 
    
    
                    
IntelliJ is a massive software development platform. Out of the box, it's prepared to mow through Java, Ruby on Rails, C#, FTP my files to remote servers, and the list goes on. Considering the third-party plugin ecosystem, the options are even more extensive.

What I seek is optimization for the specific project(s) I am working on today, including:


Minimum amount of time spent indexing 
Minimum amount of tool panels laying around that I am not going to use. Unless we are filming on the set of a terrible TV show, the win is actually closing tickets and leaving in time to catch the sunset.

    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Disable all of the plugins not used for this project

Spend some time in the Settings /ppstrong/strongem/em/pp/ph3/h3p
Answer 2: 

    
    
First of all, if it's slow for you, it doesn't mean that it's also slow for everyone else. We have different projects, hardware, even "slow" perception could be different.

Every performance problem with IntelliJ IDEA is unique, a solution that helps to one person will not work for another. The only proper way to fix your specific performance problem is by capturing the CPU profiler snapshot as described in this document and sending it to IntelliJ IDEA support team, either by submitting a ticket or directly into the issue tracker.

After the CPU snapshot is analyzed, IntelliJ IDEA team will work on a fix and release a new version which will (hopefully) not be affected by this specific performance problem. The team may also suggest you some configuration change or workaround to remedy the problem based on the analysis of the provided data.

All the other "solutions" (like enabling Power Save mode, changing the highlighting level, disabling plugins) will just hide the real problems that should be fixed instead.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Bumping the starting memory up from -Xms200m to -Xms2g and the max memory up from -Xmx600m to -Xmx8g in my .vmoptions file worked for me.

Running this on your terminal:

find / -name *.vmoptions 2&gt;/dev/null  


can help you find your .vmoptions file if you're on Mac/Linux.
    
    
Title: Tabbing between Xcode projects?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Let us say that I have two Xcode projects open on a Mac and I am going back and forth between them. Is there any hot key that can do this (rather then constantly using the mouse). Something analogous to COMMAND + TAB to flip through applications.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
⌘ + ` (above tab on US/en keyboards) will go through open windows in the current app. use shift to reverse the direction.
    
    
Title: How can I debug a VB6 IIS Application on Windows 7 64-bit
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have a need to be able to debug a Visual Basic 6 IIS Application on Windows 7 64-bit. Not just for a single problem but for continuing development.

An attempt to debug results in an error "An unspecified error has occurred" from the WebClass runtime.

If I do not debug and simply access the compiled webclass the page loads just fine.  Therefore, I don't believe there is anything wrong with the registration / configuration of the application but rather this is somehow related to Windows OS security blocking the VB6 IDE from hooking into IIS and allowing it to debug.

Here are all of the things that I have tried:


Disabled User Account Control (UAC) and rebooted.
Modified DCOM component security for machine debug manager (MDM) and assigned "Everyone" launch and activate permissions.
Manually added DCOM entry for "70F214BA-94E2-4bdf-8F30-32CB4A905E4D" which is the VB6 IDE and assigned "Everyone" launch and activate permissions.
Disabled Windows Firewall
Ran the application (VB6.exe) in compatibility mode of Windows XP SP3 with run as administrator option.
Created a new IIS application pool with an identity set to an administrator account.  Set the application pipeline mode to classic and enabled 32-bit legacy application support.


This exhausted my extensive experience of things to try.  If I create a VB6 Windows Application or ActiveX control I can easily launch and debug.

I've experienced a very similar problem on Windows Server 2003 although a fresh install of W2K3 resolved the problem.

In the Windows System event viewer log there are 2 duplicate entries for Event ID 10004 as follows:

DCOM got error "1326" and was unable to logon DOMAIN\User in order to run the server:
{70F214BA-94E2-4BDF-8F30-32CB4A905E4D}

Where DOMAIN\User is my domain account and the GUID mentioned above is the DCOM entry I added for VB ASP Debugging.

The only extra information I have to offer is that Windows 7 64-bit is running in a VM although I am remoted to the console while attempting to debug.  I've experienced problems debugging on VMs without a console connection.

If anyone can offer any further suggestions of things to try I would greatly appreciate it. 

If anyone can figure this out and succesfully debug an IIS web application on a Windows 7 OS depicting the necessary settings I will offer the current bounty of 300 points!
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I believe it is not possible to debug a VB6 IIS Application in IDE on any version of Windows newer than Windows XP (probably, situation is similar for server flavor of Windows). The root cause of the problem seems to be major differences between IIS 6 and IIS 7+. Of course, there is no official documentation on the topic, thus I shall go into more details below.

First, it makes sense to recap the problem. Many good folks seem to forget that IIS Application is an exact term referring to special type of VB6 project in this context. I was able to reproduce the error following these steps on Win7 Ultimate x64 SP1, Win7 Ultimate x86 SP1, and Vista Enterprise x86 SP2:


Install VB6 and SP6.
Create new IIS Application project:

Save the project.
Choose Run -/em/liliimg src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/dHqYA.png" alt="enter image description here"/li/olp/ppimg src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/psxjo.png" alt="enter image description here"/ppcode/code/pulli/li/ulpimg src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/q5ank.png" alt="enter image description here"/pulli/li/ulpimg src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/Jvw2J.png" alt="enter image description here"/ppem/emcode/code/ppcode/codea href="http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/bb896645.aspx" rel="nofollow noreferrer"/aa href="http://www.rohitab.com/apimonitor" rel="nofollow noreferrer"/acode/code/ppimg src="https://i.stack.imgur.com/jVF1e.png" alt="enter image description here"/pp/pp/p/div
Answer 2: 

    
    
I recently experienced the same problem on my Windows 7 64 bit machine. The solution that worked for me was to check the windows event log (system) for the specific DCOM error. This is the error that I had:


  The machine-default permission settings do not grant Local Activation permission for the COM Server application with CLSID 
  {17C2D338-9569-4022-8AF2-52A3A124F22D}
   and APPID 
  {17C2D338-9569-4022-8AF2-52A3A124F22D}
   to the user NT AUTHORITY\IUSR SID (S-1-5-17) from address LocalHost (Using LRPC). This security permission can be modified using the Component Services administrative tool.


The key point for me was to give the IUSR built-in account Launch and Activation permission. After attemtpting to give this user permission to the individual DCOM components and failing, I decided to add the user to the default DCOM permissions for the machine. You can do this as follows:

Run dcomcnfg. Right click on the Console Root/Component Services/Computers/My Computer node. Select Properties. Select the 'COM Security' tab. Click the 'Edit Default' under the 'Access Permissions' group. Click 'Add'. Enter the User indicated in your event log (mine was IUSR). Click OK. Repeat for the 'Launch and Activation Permissions' group. Select OK on all the dialogs.

I did not have to reboot my machine for these setting to take effect. I used the same method to debug the VB6 dll that I used on XP i.e. run the dll under VB6 (unattended execution), set a break point, navigate to a page that accessed the dll, and wait for the breakpoint to be hit. Hope this helps.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Don't know if this helps you further.. I am researching the same issue my own use.

In even viewer I see:
The machine-default permission settings do not grant Local Activation permission for the COM Server application with 

CLSID 
{08855658-7A0B-4EF9-99B2-0AF875B3E62A}


and 

APPID 
{08855658-7A0B-4EF9-99B2-0AF875B3E62A}


to the user NT AUTHORITY\IUSR SID (S-1-5-17) from address LocalHost (Using LRPC). This security permission can be modified using the Component Services administrative tool.

..so I attempt to grant Local Activation to "Everyone" - Just to see if I can make it go away. -I Can't.

Then I grant Local Activation as a default in Component services / my Computer (properties) COM Security, Launch and activation permissions

I still can't debug, but I no longer get errors in event viewer. In browser I get

Server object error 'ASP 0178 : 80070005'

Server.CreateObject Access Error

/app.asp, line 4


The call to Server.CreateObject failed while checking permissions. Access is denied to this object.

The CLSID above is my vb6 app, but registry points to vb6debug.dll (which looks right). progID match etc. 

Granted permissions to everyone on the vb6debug.dll and other files.

Next step is procmon or something like that to see what happens.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Have you considered writing a log file? It's pretty straight forward and you can begin just where the code is most likely to cause an error. I suggest creating a function that takes a few parameters such as a Sub/Function name, an Err object, and an optional extra string so you can include additional information such as what step your code was in. In your error handler call your function passing your parameters.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Man, can I sympathize. I spent almost 3 man-days on this, and still don't have a solution that I'm incredibly happy with, but it does work, so I've "given up" finding the correct solution, and went with this, because I just can't waste any more resource time.

Under IIS Manager, click on virtual directory -brbrbr/pp/pp/p/div
Answer 6: 

    
    
Could you copy the information sent into the VB6 part of the application and test that from the console?  

I mean, that's gross, but we are talking about debugging a hybrid IIS VB6 application.  
    
    
Answer 7: 

    
    
I think you can be pretty sure it's not an issue that Microsoft doesn't want it to work, but simply that it can't work. Are you aware of this document?: http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/vstudio/ms788708.aspx

It states:


  The Visual Basic 6.0 IDE has never been offered in a native 64-bit
  version, nor has the 32-bit IDE been supported on 64-bit Windows. VB6
  development on 64-bit Windows or any native architecture other than
  32-bit is not and will not be supported.


I've tried as well and failed so opted to run a 32-bit OS in a VM and then it works flawlessly. I think it's due to how the debugger hooks into the kernel to be able to run the debugger.
    
    
Answer 8: 

    
    
I had this problem today September 14, 2012 and managed to solve it in the simplest way possible, I have debug dlls I need visual basic 6.0 with XP I had no problem but I changed it to windows 7 and there was the problem with iis7, I read in many forums and blogs but nothing I was, even I did this blog, nor, in the end I fixed the problem as follows: Component Services-
Answer 9: 

    
    
It sounds like you want the VB6 IDE to fire in the debugger when the app instance is created, and that's failing. Have you tried starting the VB6 IDE in debug mode to host your COM component, set a breakpoint within your source, and then see if accessing the page that uses the component will then cause the breakpoint in the debugger to be hit? That is, take the activation of the VB6 IDE out of the loop - having it running should just cause the CLSID for the app to point to the runtime instance of the IDE as the COM host.

Been a long time since I did dev in VB6, so some of the details may be sketchy, but I do remember that debugging COM servers took some gymnastics, and among one of the solutions was running a separate instance of VB as the COM out-of-process server host.
    
    
Title: Compiling C++ Programs with Emacs on Windows
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've been using Emacs for quite some time for basic text editing but as of today I am attempting to use it for c++ compilation. I have looked for the past few hours about how to go about this but I keep hitting roadblocks in their techniques (I think some of this is having to do with the tutorials being outdated).

Basically, all I want to do is be able to compile C++ programs that I write in Emacs through the 'M-x compile' command.

So far I have installed Cygwin and downloaded the packages for gcc. I have attempted some other solutions presented by tutorials online but they didn't pan out.

Thank you.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The M-x compile command calls out to a shell (e.g. linux bash, windows cmd.exe, etc) to run the make command. On windows I think emacs defaults to the cmd.exe shell (through a special C:/Program Files/Emacs/emacs/bin/cmdproxy.exe executable). 

If you want your M-x compile to use a different shell (probably cygwin bash in your case) then you need to tell emacs through changing shell-file-name variable or using the SHELL environment variable. You will also need to make sure that the cygwin make is found by changing exec-path variable (or using PATH environment variable).

To do this:

(setq shell-file-name "C:/cygwin/bin/bash.exe") 
(setq exec-path (cons "C:/cygwin/bin" exec-path))


And you could also look at setup-cygwin.el to set this up and some other things for cygwin.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
After installing a compiler. You can use the following snippet to customize compile command

(add-hook 'c++-mode-hook
  (lambda ()
    (unless (file-exists-p "Makefile")
      (set (make-local-variable 'compile-command)
       (let ((file (file-name-nondirectory buffer-file-name)))
         (concat "g++ -g -O2 -Wall -o " 
             (file-name-sans-extension file)
             " " file))))))

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You could try MinGW - "Minimalist GNU for Windows."  I can't remember off the top of my head how to configure emacs to call custom build tools from M-x compile, but it should be possible.  Here's a link I just came across that might be a starting point.

http://www.cae.tntech.edu/help/programming/free-programming-tools-windows
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Write a Makefile for your program and use "make -k" for "M-x compile", as suggested by the Emacs documentation.  Using make (or similar build tools) is better practice than retyping command lines for GCC in general, not just for Emacs.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
If you install Emacs and g++ in Cygwin, it should work just like Linux, which is to say that you can run M-x compile and use g++ myFile.cpp as your compile command. If you're using the "native" Emacs for Windows, or mixing Cygwin/MinGW/etc, things get a little more complicated (and other answers have solutions), but it boils down to making sure that your environment variables are setup correctly (eg PATH, SHELL, etc). Ultimately, if you can't run it on command line (either cmd.exe or /bin/bash from Cygwin or MinGW), it won't work in any Emacs.

As an example, I compile C++ in Emacs using both SCons/g++ from Cygwin and devenv.com from MS Visual Studio. This of course requires installation of SCons and Visual Studio, but it is possible. SCons installs from Cygwinports (http://sourceware.org/cygwinports/) and ends up in /usr/bin, which is in the standard path, but devenv.com is buried deep in Visual Studio; to get access to it, I add it's containing directory to my PATH (in my ~/.bash_profile):

case $OS in
    Windows_NT)
        case "`uname -s`" in
            CYGWIN_NT*)
                PATH=${PATH}:"/cygdrive/c/Program Files (x86)/Microsoft Visual Studio 10.0/Common7/IDE/"
                ;;
            MINGW32_NT*)
                PATH=${PATH}:"/c/Program Files (x86)/Microsoft Visual Studio 10.0/Common7/IDE/"
                ;;
        esac
esac


I then construct a compile command of either scons or devenv.com -build "Release|Platform MySolution.sln, and things go merrily along from there. You can get as complicated as you need (in my current project I've got build and test shell scripts that callout to scons and devenv.com; I tend to eschew batch files, as shell is much more powerful). My only complaint is that Microsoft changed the output of errors and so automatically jumping to lines in code from compiler output is currently broken (I need to look into fixing that).

I'm assuming that you are coming from the "native" build of Emacs, in which case, you might also find useful the cygwin-mount module for Emacs.
    
    
Title: How to go back through the Jetbrains IDE &ldquo;first time&rdquo;
Description: 
    
    
                    
I accidentally exited the "complete installation" section of CLion before I managed to finish. I got to this point:



When I got here, I realized that I hadn't installed g++ on Cygwin, so I paused to install g++. I also closed the Customize CLion window.

Now whenever I open CLion, it skips straight to the welcome menu:



How can I get back and go through the Customize Clion as if I had just done so the first time?

Note that this is not specific to CLion, but applies at least to Intellij and likely most of Jetbrain's IDEs.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
As far as I know, there is no UI way to reinvoke this wizard again. Maybe because it's not really a common use case to need to go through this wizard again.
However you can fool IntelliJ (or other Jetbrains IDEs) into displaying the set-up wizard again by deleting its configuration directory. The config directory is typically located in user's home directory (~/.IntelliJIdea14 for IntelliJ for instance), though it may differ based on your platform. See this page for list of directories Jetbrains IDEs use.

Also note that the directory stores your global settings, so this is probably appropriate action only if you just installed the product but accidentally exited the set-up wizard and need to get it back again.
And as Justin mentions in the comment, it will also remove the licence, so you will need to enter it again afterwards.
There may be just one specific file or configuration entry in one of the files that need to be deleted/changed however given the amount of files it would probably be like looking for a needle in a haystack :)

TLDR (v2020.1+)
Delete the IDE config directory to get the IDE to think it's the first time it's being opened:

Linux: ~/.config/JetBrains/&lt;product&gt;&lt;version&gt;
Mac: ~/Library/Application Support/JetBrains/&lt;product&gt;&lt;version&gt;
Windows: %APPDATA%\JetBrains\&lt;product&gt;&lt;version&gt;

    
    
Title: Idea Live Template to Log Method Args
Description: 
    
    
                    
I would like to be able to create a live template in Jetbrain's Idea that will log the method's arguments. Let's call it "larg". It would work like:

public void get(String one, String two) {
    larg&lt;tab&gt;


to create

public void get(String one, String two) {
    log.info("get: one = " + one + " two = " + two);


I'm fine with getting the method name in, but have not figured out how to pull in the method arguments. Any ideas?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I'm 4 years late, but the predefined template soutp pretty much does this using a groovyscript variable.  

Here's the groovy script that does what you're looking for

groovyScript("'\"' + _1.collect { it + ' = [\" + ' + it + ' + \"]'}.join(', ') + '\"'", methodParameters())

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
This is now 6 years late, but I found a well described solution to this. (I don't have any soutp templates in my templates)
http://artfulonline.blogspot.com.au/2014/03/quick-logging-with-intellij-live.html
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Looks like it is not currently possible with a live template.

From the Jetbrain's forum:

There is no predefined live template function to do this for you automatically.
You can write a plugin that would provide such a function.

    
    
Title: How to run the whole project in GoLand?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have a small project with several .go files. When I run main.go only this compiles but nothing else, so my application crushes. I understand that I have to change settings in Run -/p/div
Answer 1: 

    
    
To run the whole project you have to go Run -em/emem/emem/emem/em/p/div
Title: PyCharm spell-checking: how to remove a word (mistakenly) added to the dictionary?
Description: 
    
    
                    
In which dictionary exactly do words added with Right mouse click -
Answer 1: 

    
    
If you want remove a word from the dictionary you can go to:

Settings-&gt;Editor-&gt;Spelling


Now you should see a window with two tabs, Accepted Words and Dictionaries.

Click on the first one (Accepted Words) and click on the word that you want remove. 

After this press on minus icon on the right of the page to remove the word.

Let me know.
    
    
Title: Compare two Python methods in PyCharm
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've recently switched from Eclipse to PyCharm, and I wonder if PyCharm can compare two methods to each other, like Eclipse can. So far, my searching has failed.

I have two similar methods, and I want to check exactly what the differences are.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
1
highlight one function and copy it into the clipboard....
highlight the second function and right click select &quot;compare with clipboard&quot;
2
take highlight the first method and hit delete
paste in the second method where the first one was
right click and select &quot;local history&quot;
    
    
Title: PHPStorm change color for diff gutter and collapse arrows in editor
Description: 
    
    
                    
I recently switched to a dark theme ( Earthsong ) and have noticed in the editor that I can not see the expand/collapse arrows and the clickable "diff" link that goes to the left of the line numbers in the editor (not the line showing a line change to the right of the editor screen). Any one know how to change the color of the two? Searched online and nothing.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I actually found the answer. To change the collapse arrow color and the clickable "diff" link that goes to the left of the line numbers in the editor it is the Tear line value under
Settings/Editor/Colors&amp;Fonts/General.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
The background color seems to be uneditable.
But the outline and symbol seems to be available, the background of the arrows are inherited from the background of your code background from what i can tell.

File -
Title: Delphi: keystroke or IDE option to populate interface elements on a class
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am looking for any IDE menu option, keystroke, shorcut, mouse clicks or something to populate all interface elements (methods, properties, etc) inside a class implementing it.

Are there any way to do it ?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
There is no such shortcut, sadly.

A rather similar question was asked recently here: How to automatically implement inherited abstract methods in Delphi XE
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
There is a shortcut that will let you autocomplete your class: Ctrl + Shift + C will autocomplete your functions, procedures and properties...

example:

inside the class write "procedure myproc;" then type Ctrl+Shift+C and Delphi will create the procedure body.

if you type "property myprop:String;" and then type Ctrl+Shift+C Delphi will create the get and set functions for your property.

Another good shortcut is Ctrl+Shift+Up to go to the procedure/function declaration and Ctrl+Shift+Down to go to the procedure/function implementation.

Hope that helps.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
The OmniPascal plugin for Visual Studio Code does support this feature.

If you have a correct setup then you will see a green line marking all incomplete interfaces of a class. Clicking the lightbulb (or pressing CTRL+. when the cursor is placed inside the name of the interface) it will generate the code stub for this interface.


    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Delphi itself doesn't have a shortcut for this, but Modelmaker Code Explorer allows you to have a class implement an interface including generating all the empty method stubs.
    
    
Title: Why has Visual Studio marked my class as a component?
Description: 
    
    
                    


I have copy pasted some classes into this project, some from other projects. At some point VS has marked Class1 as a component (you can see from the icon shown in the screenshot above). Class2 is OK. There's no difference in the File Properties and no interesting difference in the code between Class1 and Class2 (*except see edit below)

It doesn't stop the code from compiling or running. Is it in fact a problem at all? It is inconvenient in that the IDE tries to open the Design window if you double click the file.

How does this happen, and how to fix?

Edit: Actually, there are interesting differences in the code window. At least, there must be, since removing a large chunk of the code causes the Solution Explorer to revert the file to a Class file. Restore the chunk and the file goes back to being a Component. Currently... investigating.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I'm not sure why it does this thing, but I know how to get rid of it. Before your class put:

[System.ComponentModel.DesignerCategory("Code")]


It should work.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
For the "why" part of your question (taken from this post which appears to be a duplicate):


  Class with System.ComponentModel.Component on their inheritance path
  are automatically treated as "components" within Visual Studio (2008), triggering a different icon for the source file:

    
    
Title: Horizontall scroll in android studio
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am using macbook pro 13" and running windows 8.1 on it (Bootcamp). I installed android studio (IDE for developing android app). I am wondering on how can i scroll horizontally (left to right or right to left via touchpad or magic mouse) on the IDE - editor itself?? Just like in Visual studio, i can just use my two finger and swipe left to right to scroll the editor for touchpad and magic mouse from left to right as well.

Screenshot scroll the editor horizontal via touchpad or magic mouse
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The lack of support for touchpad/mouse horizontal scrolling was added to the issue tracker.

Until it's fixed, you can use this shortcut:
Shift + Mouse Scroll

Source
    
    
Title: Change default &ldquo;Program to Run&rdquo; in Eclipse launch configuration
Description: 
    
    
                    
every now and then I am launching JUnit tests from within Eclipse by using 


  Run As /p/blockquotep/pblockquotep
Answer 1: 

    
    
It seems a custom LaunchConfiguration-Extension is a viable solution attempt.
What I did was to create a new, custom LaunchConfiguration-Extension which is 99.999% build on the JUnitLaunchConfiguration. I only had to add a custom 

BlaBlaJUnitPluginTestLauncher extends launching.JUnitLaunchConfigurationDelegate


which overrides the 

launch(ILaunchConfiguration, String, ILaunch, IProgressMonitor)


method to adjust the application parameters according to our needs.

BlaBlaJUnitPluginTestTabGroup extends org.eclipse.pde.ui.launcher.JUnitTabGroup


To be able to initialize the LaunchConfig dialog with the default parameter, I had to:


Add a custom BlaBlaPluginJUnitMainTab extends PluginJUnitMainTab
Create a custom JUnitProgramBlock implementation (BlaBlaJUnitProgramBlock)
Creating an instance of BlaBlaJUnitProgramBlock in the BlaBlaJUnitPluginTestTabGroup.BlaBlaPluginJUnitMainTab.createProgramBlock() method
Overriding setDefaults-method (not sure if its really neccessary) in BlaBlaJUnitProgramBlock
Overriding initializeForm-method in the BlaBlaJUnitProgramBlock and adjust parameter there too.


Leading to the following result:


    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
This answer is a near miss:


Try this:


Manually create and configure one "good" launch configuration.


Next time you want to launch a test that doesn't yet have a good launch configuration:


Select the file and invoke Run As &gt; Run Configurations ... (i.e., don't yet select JUnit Plug-in Test!)
In that dialog select a good launch configuration of the same kind, and ...
Then click New Launch Configuration (upper-left corner)


Now the newly created configuration should "inherit" the configured values from the the good configuration.

Truth is:


You can duplicate an existing launch configuration (leaving you to manually select the test to launch)
The Debug team once had plans to support launch configuration templates.


Edit 2018:

Since Eclipse Photon, the Java debugger supports launch configuration prototypes. I just filed Bug 536728 to request this also for test launches. Feel free to chime in (or contribute) on that bug.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
if u r looking for only shortcut for convenience then eclipse remembers last execution. After using run as and saving ur run config, just use "Run as" button in toolbar.
besides this eclipse comes with flavour for testers, u can check that out.
Also since you are talking about unit testing see if you can make use of ant build or even better converting to maven based project. Maven has integrated support for testing.

    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
There seems to be a simple and effective heuristic in place, which decides whether or not a JUnit Plug-in Test should be run headlessly or with an application:

Make sure that the plug-in containing your tests has no dependencies on anything org.eclipse.ui.


Without that dependency [No Application - Headless Mode] is selected by default for newly created launch configurations.
With that dependency the default is Run a product, with s.t. like org.eclipse.platform.ide preselected.

    
    
Title: Finding class descendants in Visual Studio 2010
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am looking at an abstract class in Visual Studio 2010's object browser. I would like to find all classes that descend from this abstract class so I can choose the best one to implement in my application. I do not have the source code for this assembly, so I can't use the find in files feature.

Unfortunately, I can't seem to find out how to do this at all. Visual Studio docs and Google just return completely irrelevant articles, so either I'm using the wrong terminology or this feature simply doesn't exist.

The best advice I've received is "analyse the assembly with redgate reflector", but surely there has to be a better way.

Thank you for your time.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Install the Visual Studio Productivity Power Tools, then use its souped-up tooltip.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You can use the Solution Explorer for this purpose:
1) Find base class in the Solution Explores (you can use search line).
2) Right click on the base class in the Solution Explorer
3) Click "Derived Types"

To return to the main Solution Explorer view click "Home" button in the top of the Solution Explorer.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
On the "Browse" dropdown box of the Object Browser select an item other than "My Solution" or "All Components".

For example select ".NET Framework 4" or ".NET Framework 4.5"
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
If you want to conveniently navigate through a class hierarchy you won't be happy with the plain vanilla Visual Studio. Resharper and (I believe) CodeRush offer such a functionality. For the latter one there is a express edition, which is free. You can install all of them as Visual Studio Add-In.
    
    
Title: How can I stop IntelliJ from putting parameters on their own line?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I just wrote this line:

HDF5CompoundDSBridgeBuilder&lt;WritableDataPoint&gt; actualBridgeBuilder = new HDF5CompoundDSBridgeBuilder&lt;&gt;(actualReader);


and the automatic reformatter gave me:

HDF5CompoundDSBridgeBuilder&lt;WritableDataPoint&gt; actualBridgeBuilder = new HDF5CompoundDSBridgeBuilder&lt;&gt;
                (actualReader);


I think this looks extremely strange and I want to tell IntelliJ to never put parameters on a line of their own. I'd like:

HDF5CompoundDSBridgeBuilder&lt;WritableDataPoint&gt; actualBridgeBuilder = new HDF5CompoundDSBridgeBuilder&lt;&gt;(
                actualReader);


or better yet:

HDF5CompoundDSBridgeBuilder&lt;WritableDataPoint&gt; actualBridgeBuilder = 
       new HDF5CompoundDSBridgeBuilder&lt;&gt;(actualReader);


I'm looking through the project settings under Code Style 
Answer 1: 

    
    
The setting that is causing the wrapping to occur is Code Style 
Answer 2: 

    
    
I think it's possible, because I've never seen IntelliJ do what you're describing.

My IntelliJ 13.1.1 does not put parameters on a new line.  When I look at Code Style-/p/div
Title: List all gradle dependencies with their licences
Description: 
    
    
                    
I want to list all maven dependencies (including transitive ones) of my gradle build with their licenses. Is this possible with the IntelliJ gradle plugin? If yes, how? Alternatively a gradle command line  instruction would be sufficient, too.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I would recommend the license-gradle-plugin. It can report on licenses from your dependencies via the downloadLicense task.
    
    
Title: Code color styling in Eclipse
Description: 
    
    
                    
A nice simple question: Is there something similar to http://studiostyl.es/ for Eclipse?

Update: Since I used this link to figure out how to use the plugin, I figured I'd put it here.
http://www.eclipsecolorthemes.org/?view=plugin

That site is exactly what I was looking for.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Have a look at http://www.eclipsecolorthemes.org/, also directly available in the marketplace.
    
    
Title: How to update Webstorm in Linux?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have Webstorm in Linux, and I am getting an alert indicating there is an update, I am trying to get some info from the web, but everything I get is HOW TO INSTALL IT and nothing regarding how to update it. 

So, what should I do to update my Webstorm ?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
It depends on update type. If a patch update is available, you are normally prompted to update and restart - on restarting the patch is applied. But patch updates are only available for subsequent minor releases. In other cases, you need to download the full installation package from main downloads page and install it into the empty directory (NOT over existing installation!) When updating to a new major version, you will be prompted to import your settings from previous installation on the first start
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
This leaves the launcher broken. Pointing to the old directory. Easy to fix in KDE but a bitch in gnome.

How do you upgrade to a new version of WebStorm without breaking your launcher?  



Update: This is for Ubuntu Gnome 16.04...

Ok. I figured it out. Here's how to fix it. In the terminal navigate to /usr/share/applications

cd /usr/share/applications

Delete the old launcher...

sudo rm jetbrains-webstorm.desktop

Navigate to the directory where webstorm.sh is installed. In my case it's /opt/WebStorm-162.1121.31/bin. Run it as a super user...

sudo ./webstorm.sh

In the splash screen, select "Configure | Create Desktop Entry" from the menu in the bottom right corner. Since you launched it as sudo, just accept the super user warning, and you will have a new launcher. Quit WebStorm, close the terminal, and now you can launch WebStorm from the applications menu. 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Follow these steps:


Ignore the proposed update by clicking Ignore This Update. This way, you will add the proposed build’s number to the Ignored updates list.
Open the PhpStorm Settings / Preferences dialog and navigate to Appearance and Behavior | System Settings | Updates.
Click the Check Now button to check for available updates. If you only skipped a single update, the update dialog box will now prompt you to update and restart PhpStorm. Otherwise, keep ignoring the proposed updates until a patch-based update is proposed.
Update and restart PhpStorm.
Navigate back to the Updates settings page and click the View/edit ignored updates link to open the Ignored updates list.
Delete the ignored build’s number from this list and check for available updates once more. The update that you have un-ignored will show up, and you can now apply it as a patch as well. Note that if you have ignored several updates, you need to remove and apply them one by one, starting from the oldest update.

    
    
Title: Delphi annoyances, &ldquo;find declaration&rdquo; often doesn&#39;t work
Description: 
    
    
                    
Been having this with most Delphi versions over the years, so I'm wondering if maybe it's just something wrong with my code or is this the expected behavior from the IDE..

Normally when you place the cursor over a procedure/function/variable etc you can press Alt+Up and it goes to wherever it was declared whether in the same unit or in separate ones, just like if you right-click and pick "Find Declaration", but very often this doesn't work, even if when you hover the mouse over and after a second it tells you like.. "Declared in xx.pas", but it still won't go there. Even if I type unitname.proc and try on the proc, it still doesn't jump to the proc. If I open the unit (ctrl+enter over the unit) first once, even if I close it afterwards, then it works.

Is there any reason why this happens?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Go to "Project"
Answer 2: 

    
    
This happens because the related systems are driven by their own special parser that's different from the one in the compiler, and it's been very buggy and poorly maintained for years now.  It's been a known issue for a long time, but it's apparently pretty low-priority for the folks at Embarcadero.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I ran into this problem with the latest (as of 5/2/16) version of RadStudio (RadStudio/Delphi Berlin).

My settings, more or less, already matched those suggested by tcxbalage.
Here's the RadStudio Berlin equivalent:

Project | Option... | Delphi Compiler | Compiling | Debugging:
Local symbols: true
Symbol reference info: Reference info

Here's what I did that got the "Find Declaration" support working correctly:

1) I changed 
Symbol reference info
to "Definitions Only".
2) Pressed "OK".
3) Reopened Project | Options and change "Symbol reference info" back to "Reference info".  Pressed "OK".
4) Rebuilt my project.

Hope this helps anybody else who runs into the same problem.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
Do you have set an output path for compiled units that contains an environment variable? That's what made CTRL+Click stop working for me.
    
    
Title: RubyMine on linux
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am new in ubuntu and have a problem. I can not start RubyMine 4:

kvet@Kvet-Notebook:~/RubyMine-4.0.3/bin$ java -version
java version "1.7.0_03"
OpenJDK Runtime Environment (IcedTea7 2.1.1pre) (7~u3-2.1.1~pre1-1ubuntu2)
OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM (build 22.0-b10, mixed mode)
kvet@Kvet-Notebook:~/RubyMine-4.0.3/bin$ ./rubymine.sh
OpenJDK Runtime Environment (IcedTea7 2.1.1pre) (7~u3-2.1.1~pre1-1ubuntu2)
OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM (build 22.0-b10, mixed mode)
OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM (build 22.0-b10, mixed mode)
WARNING: You are launching the IDE using OpenJDK Java runtime.

         THIS IS STRICTLY UNSUPPORTED DUE TO KNOWN PERFORMANCE AND GRAPHICS PROBLEMS!

NOTE:    If you have both Oracle (Sun) JDK and OpenJDK installed
         please validate either RUBYMINE_JDK, JDK_HOME, or JAVA_HOME environment variable points to valid Oracle (Sun) JDK installation.
         See http://ow.ly/6TuKQ for more info on switching default JDK.

Press Enter to continue.

Error: Could not find or load main class com.intellij.idea.Main


I tried to install openjdk6 and has same error. I dont know what I must do.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I had this recently myself ([ERROR: cannot start RubyMine. No JDK found.  JDK Version? + desktop link).  


  Answer: Install java and check your path:


Download oracle7 jdk at:
http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/java-se-jdk-7-download-432154.html

Follow instructions at:
http://www.webupd8.org/2011/09/how-to-install-oracle-java-7-jdk-in.html e.g.

After downloading java (above): Extract the downloaded Oracle Java JDK archive into your home folder and rename the newly created folder to "java-7-oracle". 

sudo mv its_name java-7-oracle


Install it:

cd
sudo mkdir -p  /usr/lib/jvm/ #just in case
sudo mv java-7-oracle/ /usr/lib/jvm/
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:nilarimogard/webupd8
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install update-java
sudo update-java


Check it:

java -version
javac -version

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I am pretty sure you don't need to install JDK. For RubyMine to run, all you need is JRE. Unless you are going to do Java development, you don't need JDK.

To setup Oracle / Sun JRE on Ubuntu / Mint / Debian, follow the instructions here: https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Java#Oracle_Java_7 .

Personally, I have used the instructions under Script (JRE only) section. Specifically, I installed JRE using the repository mentioned on this site: http://www.duinsoft.nl/packages.php?t=en . Works perfectly.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Try installing the Oracle JDK and running RubyMine with that.
    
    
Title: Add launchers dir to the PATH
Description: 
    
    
                    
While I am installing IDEs from JetBrains, in installation options I can "add launchers dir to the PATH", what does it mean? 

Cannot understand what does it mean exactly.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
This option allows adding &lt;ide install dir&gt;/bin to your system %PATH% so that you can start the launcher from any folder by just entering idea (webstorm, etc) in cmd console
    
    
Title: Can you stop PyCharm from automatically closing script files when you click out of the program?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am having a problem with PyCharm (Community Edition) in that, when I open a .py file in the program, I can happily read and write in the file as usual, however when I click out of PyCharm (to look my emails for example) and then click back into it to carry on with my code, the file automatically closes and the project tree structure collapses (so I have to re-open it every time).

So far I have tried changing the tab limit to a high number, but this doesn't seem to help (and it shouldn't be related, since this happens when I open just one file).

Any help is much appreciated!
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I had the same issue before.  I'm assuming you're connected to a network shared folder via UNC path (e.g. \\foo\bar\)?

If so, it is not currently supported.  You'll need to map your network folder and give it a Drive letter.  Then load up your project using the mapped drive, and it'll work like a charm.

If that's not the scenario though, please give us more information.
    
    
Title: Minify PHP in Visual Studio 2015
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there any way to minify (or remove comments) in PHP using Visual Studio 2015? I use PHP Tools and when i release php scripts to public server, i would like at least remove all comments from code. I know, is there way to remove comments with content menu, but i wish to have comments in my project and no comments (or minimal and unread code) in publish scripts (some like Bundler &amp; Minifier tool, but for php). Thanks
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
There is basically no point in minifying Php since there is no performance gain in doing so. Although if you insist, there are a few ways to remove comments/whitespaces from source. (and these are not limited to just VisualStudio) -


Use Gulp.
Use Command line options: php -w file.php =a href="http://php.net/manual/en/function.php-strip-whitespace.php" rel="nofollow noreferrer"/a/lilistrong/strongblockquotepem/em/p/blockquote/lilistrong/stronga href="https://github.com/basselin/php-minify" rel="nofollow noreferrer"/a/li/olp/p/div
Answer 2: 

    
    
Why aren't you going to use online tool to do it?
There are many online tools you can use instead of VS 2015.

Here is one tool for you.
http://beta.phpformatter.com/

Hope it helps you and check this answer as solved if it helps you.

Thanks!
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You can check Comment Remover tool to remove all the comments from a file with a single button click. It also remove #regions and preserve XML Doc comments.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I think there is no tool for visual studio to do this. But you may use external tools to do the job. It's a common task to do this in build system like jenkins. The build system e. g. is able to react on many version control events.

But I also think that you want to make php code unreadable (like compiling). There are only a few options to hide your php code to other people. You could use ionCube for encrypting php files. But then you have to make sure, that the ionCube extension is also installed on the public web server. Also, ionCube is currently not available for php 7.2, only up to 7.1. Another option is to compile php code using HipHop, a PHP to C++ compiler engine: https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/HipHop
    
    
