Title: eclipse keep on opening the debug configuration window
Description: 
    
    
                    
usually when I debug java by pressing on the bug icon, it starts debugging right away and goes to the debug perspective...

but now everytime I click on the bug icon, it always opens up the debug configuration window rather than actually debugging....

any idea as to how to make it debug right away once again?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
This usually happens if you have configured Eclipse to "Always launch the previously launched application" (Preferences
Answer 2: 

    
    
If it has a saved configuration for the currently active file in the editor, it will automatically use it.  Otherwise, it will want you to tell it what you want.  I'd suggest getting in the habit of using saved configurations (down-arrow on the debug button) that you've set up.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You could install 'Eclipse Runner' via marketplace. It's a nice addition of run/debug feature.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I faced the same problem. I defined the debug configuration and run my Junit but my eclipse was crashing again and again.

I restarted my eclipse and my debugAs menu is back to two options [Debug on server or debug as Junit].

Hope it might help.
    
    
Title: How to make IntelliJ understand annotations
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have recently switched from using Eclipse to IntelliJ, and am preferring the experience.

However, the IDE is not understanding any of the Annotations.  I am using Spring @Autowired annotation as well as some of the Spring-WS annotations and the IDE is telling me that they are unresolved.

When the project is built using Maven, it builds fine, and the Annotations are recognised in Eclipse.

Im sure this is a simple setup thing, but cannot find any information on how to set it up.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
As Peter said, when correctly importing the Maven project the dependencies should be correctly recognized. The IntelliJ manual has a section on how to import a Maven project.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
For the record, in our project pom, we have the following dependencies:

    &lt;dependency&gt;
        &lt;groupId&gt;org.springframework&lt;/groupId&gt;
        &lt;artifactId&gt;spring-context&lt;/artifactId&gt;
        &lt;version&gt;3.0.5.RELEASE&lt;/version&gt;
    &lt;/dependency&gt;
    &lt;dependency&gt;
        &lt;groupId&gt;org.springframework&lt;/groupId&gt;
        &lt;artifactId&gt;spring-orm&lt;/artifactId&gt;
        &lt;version&gt;3.0.5.RELEASE&lt;/version&gt;
    &lt;/dependency&gt;
    &lt;dependency&gt;
        &lt;groupId&gt;org.springframework.ws&lt;/groupId&gt;
        &lt;artifactId&gt;spring-ws-core&lt;/artifactId&gt;
        &lt;version&gt;2.0.1.RELEASE&lt;/version&gt;
    &lt;/dependency&gt;


The former two have been present already before implementing a web service, so they may not be required strictly for web services.
    
    
Title: Help with creation of refactoring plugins in Eclipse? [duplicate]
Description: 
    
    
                        
            
        
            
                
                    
                        This question already has answers here:
                        
                    
                
            
                Closed 8 years ago.
        


    


  Possible Duplicate:
  Writing a new refactoring plugin for Eclipse?  




I'm looking for a way to add one or two refactorings to the Eclipse IDE (for Java code).

My idea was going to use some of the refactorings already available to implement my own although I am not sure this is entirely possible. I googled a bit but didn't find any info on which dependencies I must add to make my plugin capable of using Eclipse's already available refactoring classes.

If I'm able to use Eclipse's refactoring classes for my own purposes I won't even have to delve deep in Eclipse's AST stuff, which would definitively be a big plus.

Anyone has any info on this? Has anyone some experience in coming up with refactoring plugins?

Thanks
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Take a look at Unleashing the Power of Refactoring.  It should tell you most of what you need to know.  Mostly you need the Eclipse Java Development Tools (JDT) and the Refactoring Language Toolkit (LTK).
    
    
Title: Multiple IDE&#39;s in a software development team
Description: 
    
    
                    
My team's about to begin development on an application with a Swing client and an EJB Back end. 

I'm thinking of standardizing on using Netbeans for developing the Swing portion because of it's very user friendly swing designer functionality but still make use of Eclipse for the rest. 

Just wondering if anybody has done this and if so how well did it work?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I think the answer is going to be "it depends."

If you have relatively experienced engineers that can manage their own IDE configuration, then I would say let them use whatever they want.  I worked on a project where in the web side I was in netbeans, and in the rest of the modules I was in eclipse.  It worked ok, but there wasn't really any set "standard" because everyone was experienced enough to be able to manage their IDE.

In a setting where you have less experienced engineers then having a single IDE is great because it'll reduce the amount of time the team leads have to spend keeping the junior developers up and running, and in that case, it would be much easier to maintain a single development environment instead of multiple.

In no case would I check in the project files generated by netbeans or eclipse.  While it may seem to be nice at the start to get people up and running, when anyone wants to customize their setup at all you suddenly have a battle of configuration files in your source control, and that stinks.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You should standardize on NetBeans for a Swing Project

Yes you should standardize on NetBeans if you are doing a Java Swing Client IDE. Otherwise the entire team will not be able to take advantage of the excellent GUI designer in NetBeans. Moreover they may break the work done by the members using the NetBeans GUI tool.

I have worked on a project where we used 3 or 4 IDEs to develop a multi-million dollar Swing Client. There was a major productivity loss because NetBeans was not used by the entire team. 

Theoretically you could allow multiple IDEs for the backend work as it doesn't matter as much, but it is very nice to beable to use the NetBeans builds and to fully integrate everything in a single IDE.

Based on my experience not doing what you are proposing, and on my experience in being able to do rapid development in Swing with NetBeans I would say definitely lock in on NetBeans. 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
While developer freedom is great, you are sacrificing a lot of functionality by not standardizing on a single IDE. Project metadata often doesn't mix well and you really do want to put the metadata in source control. If you are getting battle of configuration file changes between developers, you are doing it wrong.

You may want to consider WindowBuilder plugin for Eclipse rather than going to NetBeans for Swing development.

http://www.eclipse.org/windowbuilder
    
    
Title: Getting start/end of a python class from source
Description: 
    
    
                    
Say I got a file with a few classes defined in it, like so:

class A:
    def somemethod(self): pass
    ...more methods...

class B:
    def othermethod(self): pass
    ....even more methods...


How can I find out which line in the source Class A starts and ends, which line of code Class B start and ends? If load the file into an editor, marks the text "Class A" and want to insert a method into the source at the end of the definition of Class A, how do I do that? I do not think reading the source as a plain text-file will work very well. 

Are there ways to find out what classes are defined, methods they implement, what classes they subclass etc without importing and inspecting? 

The bottom line: I need to find out where things start and end to be able to manipulate the source, for instance add methods to classes, add decorators to existing methods, extract all methods from an existing class and creating a new with the same methods etc. 

Goal is to create intellisense in a python IDE/Editor.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I suggest using the standard library Python class browser (pyclbr) as a starting point.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Think in terms of parsing the Abstract Syntax Tree, not in terms of raw lines. Even Python, with its line- rather than brackets-based syntax, can arrange multiple statements on a line with semicolon, or spread a statement across two lines with backslash.

There are many ways to do this, but see built-in package  ast
    
    
Title: Trouble setting up XDebug with MAMP Pro 1.9.2 &amp; MacGDBp v1.3.1
Description: 
    
    
                    
I installed the XDebug package at MAMP/bin/php5.2/lib/php/extensions/no-debug-non-zts-20060613
I put the following into my php.ini file:

zend_extension="/Applications/MAMP/bin/php5.2/lib/php/extensions/no-debug-non-zts-0060613/xdebug.so"
xdebug.remote_enable = On
xdebug.remote_autostart = 1
xdebug.remote_host = localhost
xdebug.remote_port = 9999


I disabled the zend optimizer. 
I set the proper port # in MacGDBp.
I do get a proper stack trace from the command line. 
What I'd like to do, though, is load a page in Firefox and debug with MacGDBp. 
Shouldn't MacGDBp be reading and parsing whatever's coming though the specified port? 
Can anyone tell me what I'm missing?
Thanks!
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Well, you are a bit unspecific about your concrete setup but there seem to be few things odd with your settings.

I am not using mac and I don't know MacGDBp ... but MacGDBp suggests that it uses the old GDP-protocol. Though XDebug 2 uses by default the new DBG protocol.

You should make that explicit by setting 'xdebug.remote_handler' to your preferred protocol. In my case as I use the new protocol i feed it 'dpgp.

Here you find some information: http://www.xdebug.org/docs/remote

Also it could be that your firewall is blocking the port.

Maybe that'll do it, otherwise tell us more about the symptoms.

Best

Raffael
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I was having the same problem.

What I did was:


install the xdebug-toggler plugin for Safari
load the page I was testing
enable the plugin
reload the page


And suddenly it worked.
    
    
Title: How do I use the Silicon Laboratories IDE with SDCC?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm thinking about using a microcontroller with an 8051 core from Silicon Laboratories.
I hope that I can use C rather than assembly language, so I installed SDCC.

I installed the "Silicon Laboratories IDE" to download the executable binaries to the on-chip Flash program memory.
It also supposedly can be set up (under the Project /pp/pp/p/div
Answer 1: 

    
    
Start with Silicon Labs Application Note 198 - INTEGRATING SDCC 8051 TOOLS INTO THE SILICON LABS IDE*.  It is written for an older version of the IDE, but the general configuration should remain the same.  It is probably important to note that AN198 needs updating for SDCC 3.0.0.  Additional information from the Silicon Labs MCU User Forum or Microcontrollers Knowledge Base may prove useful as well.

The SDCC Compiler User Guide* can be useful if additional command line options are desired.

The Silicon Labs USB Debug Adapter can be used with the Silicon Labs IDE and the on-chip debug/programming circuitry of the C8051F310* for programming the MCU and debugging your code.

* PDF Link
    
    
Title: Is there a way to do runtime inspection for django apps? (Any IDE that does this?)
Description: 
    
    
                    
I want to do runtime inspection for django apps, meaning, I want to run an app and be able to break/step through/inspect runtime variables.

Is there any IDE that support this or anyway to commandline run django to do this?

I know that the Django shell exists, however, that just sets up an environment and doesn't provide inspection of running code.

Thanks you
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Wingware's WingIDE supports live inspecting and debugging:
http://wingware.com/ -a href="http://wingware.com/doc/howtos/django" rel="nofollow"/a/pp
Answer 2: 

    
    
You can do that with PyCharm from JetBrains.
    
    
Title: Need confirmation of possible VS 2010 IDE Bug (VB.NET)
Description: 
    
    
                    
I need a few people to test the below testcase in VS 2010 and VS 2010 Express and please let me know if I am experiencing a possible (and highly annoying) IDE/Code Editor bug.

Create a new VB Project and make it a Windows Form application and add a new module to the project.  In the module, paste the below code:

Public Sub Bug()  
    Dim Ninja As Object = Nothing  
    Dim Pirate As Object = Nothing
    If (Not Ninja Is Nothing) AndAlso (Not Pirate Is Nothing) Then _
        Call String.Join(","c, {"one",
                        "two", "three"})
End Sub


Now, position the cursor before the opening double quote in the word "two".  Press the tab key one time, and then press either the up arrow or down arrow.

If the bug fires, that entire line of text will be deleted.  It will not fire if the If block is omitted, or the If block uses a closing End If (instead of just the line continuation character).

I am experiencing this on VS2010 Express (VB.NET version).  I'll have to try it in VS2010 Premium at work to verify there.  I suspect that, if it is a genuine bug, it's in Intellisense, cause the up/down keys usually trigger that to pop up with suggestions.  Maybe it gets confused and just deletes the line somehow?

I thought my project file was corrupted, but I tested this in a brand new project and it still triggers.

If it is a bug, where do we report these things?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I can confirm the bug in VS2010 Ultimate Edition.
The line gets deleted. Also when I use backspace instead of tab.

You can report the bug on http://connect.microsoft.com under visual studio

Marcel
    
    
Title: PHP IDE to suit my needs for Win 7
Description: 
    
    
                    
I've been battling with several IDE's so far without much success, so I decided it would be ask someone wiser. I'd love one to have these features:


Fast code completion;
Completion for HTML (with tags and tags' content), CSS and, preferably, jQuery;
Debugger which can work with WampServer installation;
Completion for native PHP commands as well
Shortcut to go to a file in the current project/workspace (like Ctrl+Shift+O in Netbeans) --/li/olpbrstrong/strong/pulli/lili/lili/lili/li/ulpstrong/strong/pulli/lili/lili/lili/li/ulpstrong/strong/pulli/lili/li/ulpbr/p/div
Answer 1: 

    
    
Consider vim.  It's painful at first, but it does meet all of your requirements, unless you also have a (as of yet unspoken) requirement for a Graphical User Interface.


Fast Code Completion: Fastest I've ever encountered, C-x C-o
Yes, Yes, and Probably.
vim can use xdebug to get this functionality. How to set up on linux.
Yes.
:o supports tabbed completion even.

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
PHPStorm is a relatively new contender in the IDE scene by the people who make IDEA and Resharper. I can't say it's blazingly fast, but it's geared specifically toward PHP and has a lot of nice features. I feel it is a considerable improvement over Netbeans or Eclipse.

You might want to try the pre-release of the next version, since they've added a lot of new features.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
Funnily enough I decided to settle for Aptana 3 Beta. Though lots of features don't work it is awfully quick and I love the antialiased font. Thanks to all for help anyway!
    
    
Title: Eclipse CDT vs NetBeans C++ vs  [duplicate]
Description: 
    
    
                        
            
        
            
                
                    
                        This question already has answers here:
                        
                    
                
            
                Closed 10 years ago.
        


    


  Possible Duplicate:
  Best C++ IDE or Editor for Windows  




Hello, everyone.

For a long time now, for C/C++ development, I have been using Notepad++ and the command line for compiling C/C++ programs. Now, I want to start using an IDE, and I have tried out quite a few. Currently, I am thinking of either Eclipse CDT or Netbeans C++, but other suggestions are welcome too. The problem is that I cannot find any recent, unbiased comparisons of both of these softwares. So, I would like to hear opinions on which IDE is better. By "better", I mean in terms of code-completion, configurability, ease of use, speed, and especially debugging capabilities and debugging speed. I really need help on choosing a C/C++ IDE. Thanks!

EDIT:
Because I develop on both Windows and Linux, I need an IDE that is compatible with both Windows and Linux, and by default uses GCC by default, so Visual Studio is not an option for me. Thanks!
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I have used Eclipse for years, and it is a solid IDE with a wide range of capabilities.  If you haven't tried it out to see how well it fits your needs, I would recommend giving it a shot.

That being said, I have recently started using NetBeans and I must say that I like it a bit better than Eclipse.  It seems to be more streamlined than Eclipse (less memory usage, faster to start up, etc).  I have not tested its built-in debugging capabilities however, so I can't say anything on that front.

Thankfully, there are a number of freely-available, quality IDEs out there.  I would recommend installing a handful and trying to perform the same basic set of tasks in each (create a new project, add in your source code, build, run, debug, etc) and see how they feel.  Pretty quickly, you should start to get a feeling about which ones meet your needs and which are lacking.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
After your question edit:

I'd strongly recommend Code::Blocks: http://www.codeblocks.org/
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I'd like to throw in my vote for Visual Studio.
    
    
Title: how to add struts or hibernate capabilities in Spring Source Tool?
Description: 
    
    
                    
generally by using my-eclipse we add struts,hibernate and jpa capabilities to our applications/projects, like this how to add structs or hibernate capabilities to our applications using Spring Source Tool?
Spring Source tool is a version of eclipse ide.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    

  (...) like this how to add struts or hibernate capabilities to our applications using Spring Source Tool?


AFAIK, SpringSource Tool Suite doesn't provide any particular support for Struts or Hibernate, you'll have to install additional plugins for that (like Hibernate Tools for Hibernate).
    
    
Title: Move between variables using keyboard shortcuts
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is it possible to move quickly from one place in code to another where variable is used? For example I have variable String strResponse and it used in several places in code. I want to get from one place where variable used to another quickly using keyboard shortcuts. Is it possible? 

VS has "Find all references" option but that's not what I am looking.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Visual Studio 2010 has something like this out of the box: Highlighted references. But since you're using Visual Studio 2008 you're out of luck when it boils down to default stuff. However you can install Resharper which has something similar: shift+alt+F11.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Use bookmarks
Bookmark all variable occurrence then use following shortcut keys to navigate between bookmarks

Select variable

Ctrl + F &amp; select &quot;Bookmark All&quot;

Then use

Ctrl + K, Ctrl + P - previous bookmark

Ctrl + K, Ctrl + N - next bookmark


    
    
Title: How to use Grails Dependency cache in IDE?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there a way to use the ivy cache grails dependency DSL creates within an IDE like eclipse or netbeans? Or must I manually add all dependencies to the IDE lib folder?

I've looked into plugins like ivybeans and ivyde, but they seem to require ivy.xml and ivysettings.xml files, which grails does not produce. 
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The Grails tooling provided by the SpringSource Tool Suite plugin for Eclipse has the functionality you desire.  It reads BuildConfig.groovy and modifies the project classpath accordingly.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I just attached the following to the Jira bug.  

In snooping around the STS distribution, I found the following code in
C:\springsource\sts-2.3.2.RELEASE\configuration\org.eclipse.osgi\bundles\898\1.cp\src\com\springsource\sts\grails\core\model\GrailsBuildConfig.java

// make sure that we use the Ivy dependency resolution strategy for Grails 1.2
  // TODO CD make version number detection more flexible
  if (settings.getGrailsVersion().startsWith("1.2")) {
   jarFiles.addAll(settings.getTestDependencies());
   jarFiles.addAll(settings.getProvidedDependencies());

Based on this find, I tried downgrading my project from Grails 1.3.2 to Grails 1.2 and ran "refresh dependencies".  Sure enough, the dependencies were correctly loaded from Ivy.

Looks like someone needs to do the TODO.  I can take a stab at it once I figure out how to check out the source code...
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
IntelliJ syncs dependencies between Grails (form application.properties and BuildConfig.groovy) and the IDE very nicely.
    
    
Title: Intellij-Idea: Marking all files of unknown type be type: text (so that they are searchable)
Description: 
    
    
                    
Many of my scripts etc in intellij are marked with a question mark.  Then when I click on them them it prompts me:

The file &quot;bla&quot; cannot be associated with a registered file type.  Please choose one:
&lt;insert table of file choices&gt;

This would not matter except the files are not searchable (with ctrl-shift-n) until they are marked as text.  This is a major problem for me.  I have an enormous code base and I don't want to mark all of the unknown files as text.  Is there anyway that I can do that?
I have cross posted this to the intellij forum.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
This question has been answered in the forum:

In Settings | File Types, you can specify wildcards for file names. You can associate * with the text file type, but this will probably cause some unexpected results when IDEA will start treating binary files as text. It's better to associate more specific wildcards if you can.
Also note that Ctrl-Shift-N searches through all files, regardless of whether they are associated with a file type. It's Find in Files (Ctrl-Shift-F) that searches only through files of known filetypes.

    
    
Title: Change namespace/filesystem folder names in Visual Studio
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm trying to change a namespace in Visual Studio.

My folder structure looks something like this:

GameAlpha/
         GameAlpha.sln
         GameAlphaRelease/
         GameAlphaTest/
         GameAlphaLevelEditor/


These include namespaces like GameAlphaRelease. I want to change all this to GameBetaRelease.

Before this process, it built fine.

First, I changed the solution and project files from Alpha to Beta. Then, I did a "find-replace-all" on the namespace. Finally, I went through the properties of each project and changed the "Assembly Name" and "Default Namespace" to the appropriate Beta title.

However, now the solution does not build. The error is:


  GameAlpha.accessor: The reference to 'GameAlpha.exe' was not found in
  the list of this projects references.
  (Project: GameBetaTest)


What am I doing wrong? If I remove project GameBetaTest, the solution builds just fine.

Also, what is the preferable way to change the names of the folders in the file system?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
The following steps normally work for me:


Use the standard project rename (this renames the project, but not the Project Directory). If you want to change the directory as well, close down the solution, rename the directory, open the solution, remove the old project (which is now unavailable) and add the project from the new location.
For each project for which it applies, remove and re-add references to other projects in the solution if there are any inter-project dependencies.
Adjust the project properties for each changed project.
Verify/adjust build scripts.
Verify/adjust the build order.
Clean and rebuild all.


If you do a package/class rename, make sure you do it separately (before, while everything is "still working") so that VS will update the internals as required. YMMV and there are some issues with files "linked" between projects.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Rename the physical project directory

Note: The physical path property is recorded in the .sln file so you cannot just rename the folder in Explorer.

a. Close the solution and the IDE

b. In Explorer: Change the directory name to the new name.

c. In Explorer:  Open the .sln file with a text editor.

c. Change the directory name to the new name and save.

d. Restart the IDE and open the solution from the File, Recent Files menu if it doesn't start automatically.

e. Click on the Project folder of the Solution Explorer and check the path property in the properties at the bottom. It will now be referencing to the new project folder.

Here I found it
    
    
Title: parse/collator for php
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm pretty much a newbie at php (at the "install an app and try to tweak it a bit" stage).
Is there a tool anywhere which can take a script which is spread over many files and show you all the code which is processed (for a given set of arguments passed to the script) in a single output? 

For example, I want to make a call to zen cart from a script in a different language, which returns a category listing without any surrounding page. So I want to be able to trace what the actual process is to generate that then strip off all the unwanted bits to create a custom script.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
One thing I've found very helpful when looking at new / complicated codebases is to use an IDE with some sort of code intelligence.  I use php eclipse, and what it does is allow you to jump into function and variable definitions either by means of hyperlinking, or popups.  This can be incredibly helpful for navigating through sprawling projects because you don't have to go through all the trouble to search by hand.  

In your case, with php, the best thing to do is find the entry point for a page that pulls in your list of categories.  Once you find that, you can use eclipse to expand out the various function calls it makes.  Being a beginner, it's very helpful to read through code in this manner, as it exposes you to lots of different ways of doing things.  An additional bonus of using something like eclipse is that it provides integration with the PHP manual.  So anytime you encounter a function you don't know, you can hover over, see the manual, and also how it would be used in context.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
What you want is called a "backwards slice" ("all the code that contributes to a specific computed result") in the computing theory literature.   To compute the backward slice, something needs to parse the langauge, compute all the influences (control and dataflow) on a selected point in the program, and then display those points to you.

Slicing tools exist for langauges like C.    They may exist for Java (as academic versions).  I don't know of any that exist for PHP.

Another way to discover the code involved in an action is to run a test coverage tool.  Such a tool marks all the code (across many files) that gets executed for a specific action (usually a "unit test" but test coverage tools really don't care).   Then you simply exercise the action you care about, and look at the test coverage data.   A graphical display will make it easy to see what code was executed; the part you want is buried in all the executed code.
A PHP Test Coverage tool does exist and will provide nice displays of the covered code.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
If you are looking for a debugger of some sort, have a look at XDebug or ZendDebugger.
    
    
Title: Visual Studio Config File Editor - Not Formatting
Description: 
    
    
                    
My VS 2008 seems to be acting a bit weird and the solution is eluding me.

The problem is that if I open a config file; app.config or web.config, this looks and behaves as a plain text document.

I have no formatting, no coloring, no intellisense and no collapsible or expandable regions.

I have reset all setting and restored default file associations.

If I go into the setting menu, Text Editor, XML, formatting I see an error "An error occurred loading this property page"

Has any one seen this before and have you go a solution.

Thanks
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
From Choose Toolbox Items: An error occurred loading this property page.

Try running 


  devenv /setup


/Setup (devenv.exe) 
    
    
Title: How to compile and run java code inside JEdit?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Hey I'm trying out JEdit, is there any way to compile and run the java code inside jedit, like many other java IDEs?

Thanks
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You'll need to install a plugin. jCompile is probably the one you're looking for. You can install it from the Plugin Manager (from the Plugins menu)

There's also an Ant plugin if you're into building you're projects that way.

http://plugins.jedit.org/
    
    
Title: Better IDE not build using Java in Linux?
Description: 
    
    
                    
First of all I love Eclipse but I'm not satisfied with its performance in Linux (Ubuntu) - It is CPU intensive and not responsive enough.

My question is if there is an IDE with most of Eclipse's functions but not built in Java. (More than a Notepad, but not a command line tool like vi or emacs).

Update: I'm looking for an IDE that I could use for Java, PHP, and Python development.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
There's KDevelop, a QT4 based IDE that works on all platforms for C++ development. MonoDevelop is a .NET IDE for Linux &amp; other platforms. Komodo, a commercial option, is available for Linux and works well. It's not built with Java, so you will save several MB of RAM allocation. :) It's fast. wxStudio is an interesting option, if you choose to use the wxWindows libraries. There's also Code::Blocks for C++ work. Sun even provides NetBeans, which has plugs-ins like Eclipse for other languages, yet runs a tad faster than Eclipse.

It really depends on the language you're developing in. Honestly, the majority of IDE features you're likely seeking are already natively available in Vim &amp; Emacs... code completion, jumping to definition, breakpoints, etc. are Vim specialties. If you really want a GUI, then the languages you're using are a really important factor.
    
    
Title: Joomla development environment, toolchain and workflow
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have the tas to setup, design (devlop a Template), configure (menus, users, plugins etc.), provide the acutal content and administer/maintain a Joomla based website.

What tools, IDEs etc. do you use in your development environment. Of course I would like to do as much of the development work as possible offline without the web frontend. How does this work? I would like to have an comfortable IDE for all the JavaScript, PHP and HTML stuff. I would like to see the results and debug live and immediatetly and then later upload the changes to the server. Is that how you work?
A little bit of WYSIWYG for the design work of course would be great too. If the tools are good they do not have necessarily to be free and may cost money :)

Maybe ther is a tutorial ala "Setting up your development environment for joomla" that also focuses on the tools. Not just installing WAMP.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
For creating a template - NVU with NVU Joomla Template Builder plugin, or DreamWeaver with plugin if you can afford, for configuration and content management Joomla itself, phpMyAdmin for database management might be useful.
As for the IDE, I've used Aptana studio, though I haven't done much development.
Those are the tool I've used and found them sufficient.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You might be interested in this brand new template designer software called Artisteer.
    
    
Title: Eclipse Create Multiple Class at Once
Description: 
    
    
                    
Eclipse as a option to create a class automatically once a undefined Object is detected

e.g.

Tester test = new Tester();

It will ask if you want to create the Tester class.
Does it have an option to create multiple class/batch create the necessary classes?
I have have 50 classes to create and this is kinda tedious
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
No, I don't think Eclipse can do that in batch. Might be better off writing a quick-and-dirty script to do it this one time, or if you see this as something you'll need over and over again, maybe write an Eclipse plug-in (I don't know of any that do that, but it's not a situation I've ever run into).
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
As illustrated by the bug 232735, some quick fix cannot be applied to multiple instances of an error.

The quick fix processor might still be buggy, but just in case, here is the process (for you to try in 3.4 or 3.5.1)


Right-click on warning in Problems tab
Choose "Quick Fix"
In the "Quick Fix" window that opens up, select a fix type 
Click "Select All" to select all files that need the fix.
Hit "Finish" to apply the fix.


But that would only take care of one non-defined class detected accross several files.
It will not apply to multiple class.
    
    
Title: Organizing VBA Project
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am maintaining a large MS Access Project. Over time the number of modules and classes has grown, at this moment it contains 90 modules. More and more time do I spend searching for a specific class in the list. (I know about Shift+F2 :))

Is there any way to organize the list of modules in the VBA editor, i.e. some kind of Addin? My idea would be subfolders in the tree or a filter-as-you-type textbox.

Best regards,
 Torben
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
First of all try: MZ-Tools. It has free version for MS Access. HomePage
It's a toolkit that help maintain access project in many aspects: create automatic documentation; create, modify and maintain procedures, functions and properties etc.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Develop a logical naming system. You can't get a tree per-se, but you can name things in a way that they are easier to find.

Module 1: A_systemtools
module 2: __systemtools_a
module 3: B_programitems
etc...

    
    
Title: Google Wave as code repository and IDE?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is it possible to write a Google Wave plugin that turns it into an IDE for programming? With such an extension, Google Wave would be a replacement for Eclipse etc., and it would naturally be a code repository at the same time (replacing SVN, git, etc.).

Users (programmers) would be able to create code files directly in Wave and add collaborators to do pair programming etc. The whole codebase would live in a Wave folder, and an extension would do the building and compiling on the fly.

How would one go about writing such an extension?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Have you looked at the CodeRun IDE? Except for the  collaboration aspect of google wave, or coding non-web apps, this might be ideal.

I expect coderun will become more collaborative as time goes on.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
I like the idea and to be honest had thought of something similar myself. Stability and speed of Google Wave are valid points of course. 

I see this being built over the Wave protocol than over Wave. I mean strip out some of the features of the Google Wave product but keep the underlying principles of Waves and collaboration.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
i definitely would want google to get an IDE, they have mostly everything already:
- Appengine
- Appengine SDK
- GWT
- Google code
- Google apps (docs, talk, mail, sites)
They just need to put it all together in a single IDE and make it online based (webapp) with offline capabilities, maybe HTML5 or gears so you can use it no matter the browser or OS you use.  Then this IDE connects to all the online tools mentioned before and you just have to write, junit test, run test, make some how-to's and wikis and commit. CodeRun is a good starter.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
This is one of the first things which popped into my head when I recently watched the presentations from Google IO, and for Wave in particular. The demonstration of collaborating on the Sudoku app is a good example. The ability to replay conversations was particularly interesting and has obvious uses in developing as a team.
    
    
Title: Anjuta and Git tutorial for a beginner?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there a beginner-level tutorial on Committing a project created with Anjuta into a Git repository? I could do the initial commit from command line, but I'm really trying to figure out how to do it from within the IDE. I have the Git plugin enabled, but for the life of me can't figure how to move from there. The project for now has just a single source file.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Normally I manage my repositories with the Terminal, anyway I've found this book quite interesting to learn how to play with git.

http://marketplace.tutsplus.com/item/getting-good-with-git/135967?ref=zreedeecom

and just read another question on this site about the same topic:
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3258839/best-git-book-for-a-noob
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Git works with folders, once the (.git) folder is present in the folder with the project you want to "git", the git understands this a git folder on your local machine. It can then be synced up with a remote git repository for safe keeping. It may actually be easier to create your remote repository, clone it, then copy your project files into the cloned repository, commit the copied files then push to your remote origin. There is a video about setting it all up here: http://www.ava.co.uk/git
    
    
Title: Create a Debugging IDE for proprietary language
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am using a rather obsure, proprietary langauge called WIL/Winbatch that had an awful IDE (winbatch studio). 

I would like to develop an alternative environment; however, without the ability to set breakpoints, step, and examine variables, there is really no point. How does one begin even researching how to implementing a debugger for a proprietary language? Is it even legal? 
I guess I'm kind of locked in a mindset that the debugger portion must be able to examine the statements that are provided to it in WIL as they are executed, right? So somehow i have to trap the output of the interpreter? Or is it just a matter of reading locations in memory using whatever language?
Thanks in advance.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Having been there and successfully completed the task, here are the things to keep in mind:


Build it as a plug-in/extension to an IDE your team is already familiar with and likes. They'll thank you for providing an interface consistent with what they really know how to use, plus you can focus entirely on the features that make your language different from others.
You'll have to learn the debugging protocol for your language. In our case, we had source access to the runtime for the interpreted language. In other cases, you may find documentation for GDB local or remote debugging interface, a library you can link to for the language's debugging protocols, or maybe even figure out what the call stacks look like and wrap the Windows Debugging API to analyze it behind the scenes.
Don't build in excess of what the language provides. Adding debugging features takes a lot of time, and they have a rather annoying habit of needing to be significantly altered or completely rewritten as versions of the target language are updated.

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Why are you tied so closely to this language? If it's not well supported, there are many others you can use. Anyway, to actually answer your question, the difficulty depends on whether it is a compiled or interpreted language and whether or not you have access to any source code (which it seems of course, that you don't). That said, this would be a very challenging project as you would have to reverse engineer the compiled code for it to have any meaning. Your time would be better spent learning another (better) language.

Perhaps if you can give us an idea of why you want to use this language we could give you some help?
    
    
Title: Event toaster for visual studio 2008
Description: 
    
    
                    
I often use visual studio 2005 side-by-side with visual studio 2008. Do you remember the visual studio 2005 power-toy event toaster? You could configure it to pop a balloon in the system tray when a build was complete. 

Is there a FREE plug-in for visual studio 2008 that does the same thing ? I really miss the event toaster. I used to zone out during long builds and the friendly POP sound it made when the build was complete would wake me up.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Growl for windows can show popups when builds are complete.

You'll  if you add the visual studio plugin for it. 

Works with vs05 and vs08.
    
    
Title: WinForms floating windows (like Delphi7 IDE)
Description: 
    
    
                    
I want to setup my WinForm to look like the Delphi7 IDE. Basically that means the window has no background (the desktop shows through), and child windows float around.

Here's a sample image:



I can handle the floating windows, but how would I go for the main window (the menu bar and the toolbar)? What are the WinForm properties required to get this layout? I can't seem to be able to get rid of the window's client area.

Thank you
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Why can't you get rid of the client area?  Just resize the main form so that it's as thin as you can make it.

You may be implementing the floating windows as UserControls in the main form's Controls collection.  If so, there are two ways you can deal with this:


Implement the floating windows as actual windows.  Show them using "frmToolWindows.Show(this);" (this will keep them always on top of your main form).
If you need to keep the floaters as UserControls, you can make the client area of your main form transparent by setting the form's TransparencyKey property to some arbitrary color (Color.Red, for example) and then setting the form's BackColor property to the same color.  This will make your form transparent and able to be clicked through.

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Please don't make a UI like this.  It is very non-standard, and doesn't gain anything in the realm of usability.  You could simplify things by keeping it all in one window like Visual Studio.
    
    
Title: Internet Board Games
Description: 
    
    
                    
Hello I'm looking to create a web-page where users can play Gomoku live with eachother, kind of like instantchess.com, or yahoo's online pool.

I would like to be able to..
1) Have the players to chat with each other while they play.
2) Have registered users where a ranking can be kept track of.
3) Users can create 'rooms' where another player and spectators can join.

Should I be using java applets for the whole page, Especially the networking?  If so, can someone point me in the right direction because I don't know how to have the applets interact with the server for database storage and live play/chat.

Also assuming I would be using java applets what IDE do you suggest?

Any Help is appreciated, Thanks.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
1) If you use Java Applets, I would recommend building in Swing.  I do all of my development in Eclipse using their visual editor for rich application development, but I have heard positive things about NetBeans.

2) I would not recommend using applet technology.  It seems, currently, that Sun is on the verge of retiring that technology.  Instead, I would recommend a page based architecture.  You could use a framework like GWT or something similar.  I am certain other Stack Overflow members who are more familiar with web technologies can point you in a better direction than I can.  However, this post has a pretty good run down of a number of different web-presentation layer technologies.  

Be aware you will need to talk to a database to do the behavior you have described.  Just an FYI if you were not aware.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Also, your users are going to hate applets....because pretty much everyone hates Applets.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
audiodude is right, your users will hate applets.

Flash is defacto now.
    
    
Title: Any .NET IDE running on Windows Mobile?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is there any .NET IDE running on windows Mobile 6.x? The IDE does not have to support mobile development, nor debugging or something else. What I'm looking for is kind of an "IntelliSense-capable editor running on Windows Mobile" that lets me write code on my mobile phone wihtout having to power up my laptop.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Though I'd second the comment about the pain of doing development on your mobile (it would take me just as long to peck out 3 lines on my phone as it would to fire up my laptop), here are two mobile IDEs:

http://www.pocketpcfreeware.com/en/index.php?soft=1989

UPDATE: I removed the second link, because it looks like it's not a .NET IDE. My bad on that one :(
    
    
Title: IntelliSense rules for &ldquo;get best match&rdquo; during member selection
Description: 
    
    
                    
First of all, I finally made this a wiki, but I believe a "simple," straightforward answer is highly desirable, especially since the result would define a unified IDE behavior for everyone. More on the simple later.

In the past, I've blogged about what it means to have a well-behaved member selection drop down. If you haven't read it, do so now. :)

Visual Studio 2010 adds new features to the IntelliSense selection process that makes things ... not so easy. I believe there's great power we can harness from these features, but without a clean set of governing rules it's going to be very difficult.

Before you answer, remember this: The rules should allow someone "in tune" with the system to take advantage of the IntelliSense power with fewer keystrokes and less time than other solutions provide. This is not just about what you're used to - If you use a system as long and frequently as I do, relearning the patterns is trivial next to the time it saves to have a great algorithm behind it.

Here are the controllable axes:


Filtering: A "full" list contains every identifier or keyword allowed at the current location, without regard for the partially typed text the cursor is within.
Sorting: We (at least Visual Studio users) are used to the member selection drop down being sorted in alphabetical order. Other possibilities are partial sorting by some notion "relevance," etc.
Selection: Based on the currently typed text, we have the ability to select one item as the "best match." Selection states are:


No item selected
Passive selection: one item outlined, but pressing ., &lt;space&gt; or similar won't fill it in without using an arrow key to make it:
Active selection: one item selected, and unless Esc or an arrow key is pressed, a . or &lt;space&gt;, etc will auto-complete the item.



My previous set of rules restricted the manipulation to the selection axis. They took into account:


Characters typed as matched against list items with a StartsWith operation (prefix matching), with variants for whether the match was case-sensitive.
Previous completions that started with the same set of characters.


The following are additionally available and potentially useful, but not all have to be used:


CamelCase matches or underscore_separation ("us"): Long, expressive identifiers? Not a problem.
Substring matches: long prefixes hindering your selection speed? Not a problem.
Information available in the summary text, where available: I lean against this but I must admit it's come in handy in the Firefox address bar, so you never know.


The rules you write should address the axes (in bold above) in order. In my previous posts on the subject, the rules were very simple, but the additional considerations will likely make this a bit more complicated.


Filtering
Sorting
Selection

    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Just one addition or remark ... 

IntelliSense should adapt to the context. In the case of Visual Studio, places where only subtypes of a specific type or interface may be used, the dropdown list should filter by these.

IList list = new (Drop down all the types implementing IList) - not all possible types!
    
    
Title: Visual Studio missing &ldquo;create website&rdquo; on start page
Description: 
    
    
                    
I recently imported a visual studio 2008 settings file.  This caused my "open website" and "create website" links to no longer appear under recent projects on the start page of visual studio.  I only have open project and create project.  When I goto File--/p/div
Answer 1: 

    
    
I don't get this option either - just Create -/ppem/em
Answer 2: 

    
    
Go to Tools -
Title: JavaScript in Microsoft Visual Studio
Description: 
    
    
                    
Does anyone know if there are plans to implement JavaScript in MS Visual Studio, like they do all the other languages?

I am fairly new to coding in JavaScript, but I have come to realise how powerful a language it really is for creating RIA. The main problem is that when it comes to developing and debugging in the IDE, its nowhere near as slick as if I was writing in say C#.
Maybe this is just a limitation of visual studio and that there are much better environments in which to code JavaScript?

Above all the most important thing is debugging. Currently when I attach and step through the whole process is very clunky.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
VS 2010 will have much better support for Javascript and intellisense


  Further enhancements in VS2010 will
  see vast performance improvements,
  particularly with large script
  libraries and the ability to recognise
  dynamically generated objects and
  other techniques used by many
  Javascript frameworks that the
  Intellisense engine in VS2008
  struggles with. Significant efforts
  have been made to improve the
  Intellisense compatibility with 3rd
  party libraries as well.


There's also Spket IDE exclusively for Javascript and XML development.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
JavaScript works fine in Visual Studio 2008. It supports jQuery with full intellisense, and if I remember correctly, the debugger also supports JavaScript, at least in Web applications (though I'm not sure about that). I tend to do the debugging work in a browser though, because, well, that's where the action happens anyway.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You might find debugging Javascript easier in Firebug in firefox or even in IE8's built-in debugger.

I use VS to debug Javascript a lot, I can't say I find the experience clunky.  What do you find clunky about it?
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
In addition to what has already been said, it is important to note that JavaScript has a very loose standard (to put it mildly). That being the case, "full" JavaScript InteliSense support will never be as robust as something like C# in Visual Studio or any other IDE. I expect (as has been mentioned) that support for JQuery, Prototype, and other JS libraries will be good but the core language will always be somewhat of a struggle, IntelliSense or no.
    
    
Title: VS.NET Tool to name all controls on form
Description: 
    
    
                    
A while ago, I saw on a Screencast a tool that could be ran in VS.NET IDE.  When executed it would prompt to set the Name and Text property for each control.  This seemed like a good idea, but I never got around to trying it. 

Now I can't remember what it is. Does anyone know of a tool that will do this?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Is it MZ-Tools Control Name Assistant?
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Resharper?
    
    
Title: Windows Rails-IDE with Remote-File-Support (FTP/sFTP)
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am currently using Aptana RadRails for Ruby on Rails development on my local system.
Now I want to work on a Rails-Application that is hosted on my dedicated server, but unfortunatly RadRails does not provide support for Remote File Access (apart from SVN).

Is there an IDE for Rails-Applications that gives me the ability to work on an application on my remote server transparently?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Is this what you're looking for?
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
You're doing it wrong!

Seriously, you should be using source control and you should be releasing your software with a deployment tool like vlad or capistrano. 

You run your app locally, commit changes, then run deploys to your server. Once things are setup you shouldn't need to even log in to your server. 

Developing the way you're doing is going to cause many headaches and reduce your productivity. Now the snide rails developer comment, if you really cared about productivity you wouldn't be using windows in the first place... 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
It's not available yet, but Haven will allow you to edit files via FTP/SFTP in your browser. It will also allow you to plug into your source control if that's where your stuff is. It should be a nice alternative to the current fat client options.

Disclaimer: I'm a co-founder of Wikid Labs.
    
    
Title: how to config the gvim as a ide for C/C++/java in windows
Description: 
    
    
                    
I found some source about how to configure gvim as a ide on linux,
but I don't have the configuration On Windows. Can anyone help me?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
It's really pretty similar, the only changes I have in my vimrc for Windows are this:

source $VIMRUNTIME/mswin.vim 
behave mswin


If I recall correctly this makes a few small changes, like changing ctrl-v (block select) to ctrl-q since ctrl-v is used as paste on Windows.  There are a few other things, like using set guioptions to change the behavior of the menu bar.  I use these commands in Windows to turn off all the menu bars, but you can customize it how you want.

set guioptions-=T
set guioptions-=m
set guioptions-=r


You can check :help behave and :help guioptions for more info from within gvim.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
If you're using VIM to do C++ and Java, I'd seriously look at using an IDE like Eclipse. The refactoring and code management capabilities are far in advance of aything that VIM will have.

I'm speaking as a VIM diehard, btw. I didn't give up on the power of VIM within Eclipse. I run VIPlugIn within Eclipse and that works very well (and is worth paying for). I still use VIM for adhoc work, and it's available on any machine I encounter, but for serious productive development the modern IDEs are the way forward.
    
    
Title: How can I stop IDLE from printing giant lists?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Sometimes I'll be working with, say, a list of thousands of items in IDLE, and accidently print it out to the shell. When this happens, it crashes or at least very significaly slows down IDLE. As you can imagine, this is extremely inconvenient.
Is there a way to make it, rather than printing the entire thing, just give me a summarised [1, 2, ...] output?
Any help would be much appreciated.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
As above, try a custom print function like:

def my_print(obj):  
    if hasattr(obj, '__len__') and len(obj) &gt; 100:  
        print '... omitted object of %s with length %d ...' % (type(obj), len(obj))  
    else: print obj

    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Use IPython as shell instead. 
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You could use custom print function.
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
In Python 3, since print is a function, you should be able to "override" it. (I don't have it installed so I can't try it out to make sure.) Probably not recommended for real applications but if you're just trying things out, it would be okay I suppose.

It would go something like:

def myprint(*args):
    # write the function as described by other people
print = myprint

    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
The Squeezer extension for IDLE was written to do just this. From the description on Pypi:


  IDLE can hang if very long output is printed. To avoid this, the Squeezer
  extensions catches any output longer than 80 lines of text (configurable) and
  displays a rectangular box instead:


Squeezer, and many other IDLE extensions are included in IdleX.
    
    
Title: VS2008 IDE giving 5 second latency when switching tabs between aspx and aspx.cs , how come?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have VS2008 (SP1)  installed on a XP sp2 laptop.

One thing weired on IDE, I don't know how to fix it.

I'm programming a web application, have many tabs openning at the same time. When I switch from aspx to aspx.cs back and forth, I always get about 5 seconds delay before I can type the keyboard.

I thought this might relate to some background layout rendering process, but I never open "Design" screen fro aspx page, I always open "Source" screen. This 5 seconds delay annoying a lot. 

Any configurations? suggestions?

Thanks a lot
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Perhaps this thread can be of any help, which seems to suggest that it's the HTML validation that's making the switch horribly slow.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Visual Studio really likes a good video card with a decent amount of video memory.  It uses this for compositing the webpage.

Also, it's just a resource hog in general.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
How close are you to using all your physical RAM on your machine?  Additionally, how many other processes are running when you are doing this, e.g. do you have an anti-virus, a handful of auto-updaters(Microsoft, Apple, Java, HP drivers), services like Windows error reporting, SQL Server, etc. running?

It can be a resource hog as others have noted and if this is early in opening the program there may be background things like loading assemblies going on.
    
    
Title: Webapp development tools for Blackberry
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am looking for a good Environment (GUI based Editor) for blackberry webapps.
e.g., is there a Eclipse plugin out there ?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
In my opinion, and experience, using a GUI based editor for any kind of web development is a Very Bad Idea. Get to know HTML and CSS, write your own JavaScript. There isn't a WYSIWYG editor out there that can generate markup as good as I can by hand.

Of course, the part were tools come in is testing. And getting to know the paricular inconsistencies of your platform. In that instance, check out:


BlackBerry Browser Development


You'll also want to test, test and test. For that, grab yourself the full range of BlackBerry emulators.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
From my experience it seems that many BlackBerries have CSS and JS turned off by default, and quality of CSS and JS support (before 4.6 software) is just appalling.

You're stuck with very basic HTML forms and linear layout. There's nothing that visual editors can do with this.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
The Blackberry Applications are developed in Java and RIM provides the needed tools and simulators here: http://na.blackberry.com/eng/developers/resources/devtools.jsp
    
    
Title: Fast compiler error messages in Eclipse
Description: 
    
    
                    
As a new Eclipse user, I am constantly annoyed by how long it takes compiler error messages to display. This is mostly only a problem for long errors that don't fit in the status bar or the "Problems" tab. But I get enough long errors in Java&mdash;especially with generics&mdash;that this is a nagging issue. (Note: The correct answer to this question is not "get better at using generics." ;-) 

The ways I have found to display an error are:


Press Ctrl+. or execute the command "Next Annotation". The next error is highlighted and its associated message appears in the status bar (if it is short enough). The error is also highlighted in the "Problems" tab, if it is open, but the tab is not automatically brought to the top.
Hover the mouse over the error. After a noticeable lag, the error message appears as a "tool tip", along with any associated "Quick Fixes."
Hover the mouse over the error icon on the left side of the editing pane. After a noticeable lag, all of the error messages for that line appear as a "tool tip." Clicking on the icon brings up "Quick Fixes."


What I would like is for Ctrl+. to automatically and instantly bring up the complete error message (I don't care where). Is this a configurable option?

[UPDATE] @asterite's "Ctrl+. F2" is almost it. How do I make "Next Annotation, then Show Tooltip Description" a macro bound to a single keystroke?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Well, you can press F2 to display the popup that normally shows javadoc. If there's an error, it will display the error message with available quick fixes.

So you can do Ctrl+., F2 repeatedly to achieve what you want.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
Yeah nagging problem. Ctrl+1 brings up the quick fixes if you use it from the same line. Sometimes I have to resort to copying the error message from the problems view :(
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    

  "After a noticeable lag, the error message
  appears as a "tool tip", along with
  any associated "Quick Fixes."


Dont know if this will help you but you can reduce the lag in the pop up by changing the value of auto activation delay in the in the menu located at:

Window&gt;Preferences&gt;Java&gt;&gt;Editor&gt;ContentAssist

    
    
Title: Changing CURRENT save/default directory in Delphi 2007 without using Save-As
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have a project group that contains a project I'm working on as well as some related component and packages. I prefer to keep the database links active during design-time. 

I know how to write the code which would change the database file location, but in this case, I'm just using ".\data" instead, for various design-time reasons. Unfortunately, using a relative folder means that Delphi needs to be "pointing" to the same folder that the project is in.

I'd like to be able to force the folder location to a different root, without using the "Save As" feature. Does anyone happen to know where the Delphi IDE retrieves that info?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I have some projects in delphi7, Delphi2009, Delphi2010 and DelphiXE4  and also my project are not stored in my document.
I force the save/default like this:

Tools 
Answer 2: 

    
    
I am not sure I completely understand your question.


If you are referring to the folder the IDE has as the current folder, then you can just change the shortcut that launches Delphi to set the current directory where ever you want it to be.

    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
You can change the location the project compliers and saves the dcu/unit/exe to in Project/Options under the Directories/Conditionals is that what you are looking for? 

I bevile there is also some settings for the DBE in the Tools menu, but I dont have them install at the moment (or i cant find them)
    
    
Answer 4: 

    
    
I'd say you should just hard-code the full path to the database. Not pretty, but it will always work. There are tools, like GExperts, that will ensure your database components are set to inactive when you save them, and that way you can be sure to set them correctly on the live computer at runtime.

It would be nice to use relative paths, but that would be a function of the component and not the application really.
    
    
Answer 5: 

    
    
Do NOT use a path relative to .exe path.  That will get you into trouble with Windows XP in limited access mode, as well as with Windows Vista.

Do you need one database for all users?
Use  a path relative to All Users\Application Data directory.

Do you need separate databases per user?
Use a path relative to user's private User\Application Data directory.

Do you need multiple databases per user?
Use a path relative to user's My Documents directory.

Use any of the above as default, but add registry keys that allow you to override the settings.
    
    
Answer 6: 

    
    
I believe it gets that info from Tools -
Answer 7: 

    
    
Tools -
Title: How can I view the source code of BaseDexClassLoader.class in Android studio?
Description: 
    
    
                    
I have downloaded the source code in sdk manager. It's seems like that the source code didn't contains this class. 


Here is BaseDexClassLoader.class which I cant see the source code:



and here is normal classes:



So how can I view the source code of classes like BaseDexClassLoader.class in Android Studio? I'm now watching it at androidxref.com but it's not so convenient.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can browse AOSP source code in https://cs.android.com ("official" AOSP code browser made by google ).

Here's the source code of BaseDexClassLoader.java ( from AOSP master branch ): https://cs.android.com/android/platform/superproject/+/master:libcore/dalvik/src/main/java/dalvik/system/BaseDexClassLoader.java;l=1?q=BaseDexClassLoader.java&amp;sq=&amp;ss=android%2Fplatform%2Fsuperproject  

If Google decided not to bundle that class in sources of SDK,you can always copy that class manually, and put in in the sources folder, so Android Studio can refer to it
    
    
Title: &ldquo;-bash: //MacOS/Electron: No such file or directory&rdquo; when using VS Code using &ldquo; . code &rdquo; shortcut
Description: 
    
    
                    
My IDE is VS Code
I have been using it many times
suddenly when I open vs code in my terminal

. code or source code

it displays error

-bash: //MacOS/Electron: No such file or directory
Saving session...
...copying shared history...
...saving history...truncating history files...
...completed.


[Process completed]

How do I fix this? I just want to get my normal vs code to work functional again just as before
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
I have already figured it out.

code .

instead of

. code
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
try this 

cat &lt;&lt; EOF &gt;&gt; ~/.bash_profile
# Add Visual Studio Code (code)
export PATH="\$PATH:/Applications/Visual Studio Code.app/Contents/Resources/app/bin"
EOF


https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/mac
    
    
Title: Is it possible to code Swift on windows using JetBrains AppCode?
Description: 
    
    
                    
Is it possible to write proper Swift-code using the AppCode IDE from JetBrains? I'm looking for an option to build a native iOS-app without buying a macbook or iMac. I've been looking and searching for a while now and coudn't find any solution without buying the additional hardware. With the AppCode IDE it seems like I don't have to.

If you have any ideas or experience let me know?
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Basically no you can't. 
if you are planning to develop ios app you have to buy macbook  or install hackintosh  or rent a mac on the cloud or virtualise || virtualbox
    
    
Title: How to keep variable in memory - PyCharm
Description: 
    
    
                    
I'm running code quite frequently when working in PyCharm. Problem is that the entire code manipulates data temporarily stored in excel (we'll be moving this to the database once the program is up and running). Loading data takes time.

Is there a way in PyCharm to keep variable in the initial memory (without running a piece of code in the console) even after the program finished running? 

data = pd.read_excel(path, index_col=0)


I want to avoid reloading data every time I am running program.
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
No, this feature has not been implemented yet and there is no way to do this.
    
    
Answer 2: 

    
    
If working in PyCharm is not a neccesity, you could work in a jupyter notebook: https://jupyter.org/ 
You could load your data in a cell and work with it in the next cells. Once executed, the result of a cell is kept in memory.
    
    
Answer 3: 

    
    
I've found a dirty trick - I am aware this is a very, very non-pythonic and not appropriate way of doing this. But it does the trick for me in this example. Again this code is only temporarily used for testing and will be removed once I'm happy with the code.

Module I run is as follow:

data = pd.read_excel(path, index_col=0) #Data is loaded only once

while True:
    reload(TestModule)
    TestModule.test_function(data)
    input("Press Enter to rerun the test")


Now in TestModule I have test_function where I can reload ModyfiedModule I am working on and any function I want to test.

TestModule:

def test_function(data):
    from ModyfiedModule import MyClass

    #Run bunch of tests from MyClass
    #Code to test MyClass is here


In this case, I load data only once and I can modify MyClass module and perform various test defined in TestModule without need to reload data each time.

The only thing I need to do after modifying code is to save MyClass and TestModule and press Enter in the console to rerun the test.
    
    
Title: Javascript on JetBrains IDE: type-hinting the autonomous custom element instance
Description: 
    
    
                    
Consider the following:

class MyCustomElement extends HTMLElement {}
customElements.define('my-custom-element', MyCustomElement);
/** @type {MyCustomElement} */
const myCustomElement = document.createElement('my-custom-element');
//                      ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^


The myCustomElement would be an instance of MyCustomElement at runtime (a derivation of HTMLElement); but, type-hinting the myCustomElement makes the JetBrains IDE of PhpStorm to complain:


  Initializer type HTMLElement is not assignable to variable type MyCustomElement


Surprisingly, the IDE is totally fine on the built-in types:

/** @type {HTMLDivElement} */
const myDiv = document.createElement('div');


So, what should I do to have the very appropriate "typing hints" to the IDE (not using *) while having the warning resolved?!

I could've instantiate the myCustomElement using the new operator; and it seems to work, but there is no reference on the differences between the approaches (on whether to use new or to use document.createElement(), and why or why-not to choose one over the other?!)
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
Closure doesn't understand that you're instantiating an instance of MyCustomElement from the document.createElement because it does not understand customElements.define's implications* on its internal type system you're creating an HTMLElement with a tag name of &quot;my-custom-element&quot;.
What you'll likely want to do is cast the result of the createElement function (HTMLElement) as MyCustomElement:
/** @type {MyCustomElement} */
const myCustomElement = /** @type {MyCustomElement} */ (document.createElement('my-custom-element'));

*: As far as I know; there is no evidence that they intend to.
    
    
Title: Test a shell (.sh) file in CLion
Description: 
    
    
                    
I am using Clion and I am unsure how to run a .sh file with my code. It is for an assignment, and I have to run an automatic test to test my code.

This is how it is described to be called: $ ./test_p2.sh 2

I have the shell file in the folder with my code, But I cannot see it in executable or working directory.

Any help is appreciated! Thanks
    

        
Answer 1: 

    
    
You can't directly run Linux shell scripts on Windows. You do have a few options, however:


Run your script through Cygwin
Run your script in mintty (this is the shell included with Git for Windows, is called Git Bash in the context menu)
Run your script under WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux)
Port the script to another language you can run on Windows




For 1 and 2, it'll be on you to make sure any dependencies for the script are available in either Cygwin or mintty.

For 3, after making sure WSL is set up you can run a single command under WSL: wsl script.sh arg1 arg2 argX.

I would recommend option 3 or 4. 3 may offer the best experience in terms of compatibility and ease of set up (without porting the script) as Cygwin and mintty can be a pain to set up dependencies in. Option 4 would be best though as long as you are well-versed in both PowerShell and shell scripts and can transpose the equivalent calls from one to the other.
    
    
